Steredenn  is a frenetic and chaotic space shooter, carved in big beautiful pixels, with insane boss battles. Embark in your ship and engage the fight against dreadful space pirates in a never-ending combat for your survival. Steredenn  is at the crossroads between a shmup and a rogue-like. Feel the power of flying the AV8B Harrier II. First off, thanks for checking out The Cosmos Is MINE! Set in an alternate 1950s universe, The Cosmos is MINE! They were desperate, daring and deadly! For the past 50 years, only the courageous veteran pilots of World War II knew the real risks of fighting the legendary Pacific air wars. The multi-dimensional world of Nhagardia is quickly becoming paralyzed by the evil lord Grimnoth's terrifying plague of darkness. As Prince of Alonia, you now have 100 days to keep the world from being cast into eternal despair! The Air Force won't even talk about it. It's the top-secret jet that radar can't detect. There's no room for error when travelling at the speed of light, racing through star systems in a desperate search for a new world to house Mankind. But there are plenty of opportunities for mistakes. Alien races of every conceivable size, shape, temperament and sophistication seek to aid, use, corrupt or destroy you - and you don't know which. Simulation of Aerial Combat and Gallantry in World War 1. Flying north along the road from Lille to bust a German recon balloon. Each enemy type has a unique set of behaviors. Rise  lives on Gamearth, the world of the classic video game characters. He suddenly finds himself in the middle of a war against the Space Grunts from Nexgen planet: bald, muscular soldiers with big guns who are invading just because they can. With the help of the legendary gun,  Shine, hell be able to stay alive and save his planet. HeartZ offers you a hearty combination of platform, action, puzzle and local co-op gaming. Outsmart traps and solve mysteries in each room and level while getting rid of Dr. Nylus' soldiers and machines! Kick, jump, fart, teleport, explode, hack, scare, and bite your way through finely tweaked and mischievously designed levels! Academic Version   Click here  for information about 001 Game Creator Academic. Fully customisable interfaces including : heads-up displays, loading screens, menus and dialogue boxes. Don't miss out our new game! Pneuma: Breath of Life is an enthralling first person puzzler putting gamers minds to the test in a visually stunning world using the power of Unreal Engine 4. Pneuma provides players with a sense of awe and a relentless determination to solve every puzzle and progress through a narrated story of self-discovery, exploring the fundamental nature of being. This is the first person puzzler of 2015 which is designed to force players think outside the box and explore beyond what they know as reality. Mayan Death Robots reinvents the artillery genre in a Mayan setting invaded by alien killing machines. Pick a robot from the roster and enter the arena to destroy your opponent's power core. Aim your weapon before the timer runs out, but don't be distracted by the pretty scenery: when the rockets start flying, you already need to plan your next move! Super Pixalo is the story of a pixel from a 1960s Rock   Roll themed arcade cabinet. Join Pixalo as he travels through over 50 years of pop culture in a journey of self discovery. Run through labyrinth-like banks, uncover secret rooms, solve puzzles, discover blueprints to unlock powerful tools, control time, run from guards -- and if youre lucky, open the vault, grab the diamond. Become the champion of the last Queen of Atlantis and save the kingdom in this fast-paced, time management dash game! Build roads, manage resources, establish towns, create armies, defeat your enemies and save the villagers before the lands are destroyed and all life is lost in this thrilling strategy adventure! The world of Terra is slowly falling into chaos. You must travel across this huge world and unite the nations of Terra, recruiting comrades along the way. Evolution II: Fighting for Survival is a real-time action life simulation game. Conquer a world of randomly generated, evolving species. You and competing species eat plants and other organisms to grow and reproduce. Rebuild Athens from the ashes of its destruction and secure the help of the Heroes of Olympus as you battle an evil god! Through addictive match three-gameplay and compelling city building interludes, you will gather gold, meet the needs of a ravaged population, and search for legendary lockets that will allow you to summon the gods and appeal to them for help. Two years in the making, Heroes of Hellas 3 is both a spectacular epic and a highly accessible casual game. Search for clues, solve puzzles, and unlock new areas as you visit spine-chilling locations, play stimulating mini-games and locate hidden objects. Stray Souls: Dollhouse Story is more than a game; it's a heart-stopping journey of discovery! Is there still room for love in this 100 days, or am I just ruining my life, or worse, her life? This is a dating simulation game based on Chinese students' real life. Fight in turn-based multiplayer battles up to 9v9 with the old school graphics you've been missing! Enter battle as a Warrior, Mage, Rogue, or Healer of either gender, and use a card to transform into any of 16 characters, combining their stats and abilties with your class's! This is not just another brick breaker game. ; A fresh new take on the brick break game! Karate Master 2 Knock Down Blow is a fighting game that mixes elements of RPG, simulation and arcade, in an explosive combination to relieve the Beat'em up genre! You will face challenges at the limit of human endurance, participate in tournaments to cover you with glory, fighting in mixing style and brutal fights with no holds barred. Natural Soccer is a  highly playable arcade soccer  game with  fast-paced action,  accurate physics  and  intuitive controls. If you are a fan of classics like  Kick Off,  Sensible Soccer,  Mircroprose Soccer,  Goal! or  Tekhan World Cup, Natural Soccer is for you! Imagine getting a glimpse into the secret clockwork of the universe. Imagine a machine that can crack the code of destiny and give you the power to tinker with fate. Imagine discovering that for generations your family has concealed this power from the outside world. Soda Drinker Pro is the premier in software in the first person soda drinking genre. Experience what its truly like to drink a soda at the beach, in the park, and even in SPACE!!! With Soda Drinker Pro, you dont need to have a soda in hand to experience a soda in your mind. Wait  is a mystery horror game, inspired by the works of H.P Lovecraft and the Silent Hill series. The gameplay is put together by elements of exploration and riddle solving. We want to offer a different kind of horror. Terraform is a relaxing turn based puzzle game set in the future. Alter over 200 planets to allow settlements and forests to survive. Planets are made of hexagonal tiles that can be altered using many different tools and weather conditions. The desolate moon of Lorian V is a place of curiosity, history, and terror. Awaken on the surface from a long slumber and explore the winding caverns below to uncover secrets, acquire new abilities and face powerful foes. Meet the sleepy, stranded inhabitants of Lorian V and hear their tragic stories. Kick your friends' asses in this explosive, fast-paced action/shooting/driving multi-player game! Be wary for the police will strive to hold you back and might even accidentally run you over while chasing another guy. Embrace lots of awesomeness and cheerful moments provided to you through a number of weapons, vehicle weapons, powerups and many funny and unexpected mayhemic situations! Long ago, the Vile God and the Goddess waged war with each other. Hatland Adventures is all about speed, momentum and hats. Form a majestic tower of hats honing your skills in practice mode, before testing them for fun and profit in Chase. Forsaken Isle is a wilderness survival game focused around crafting with RPG elements. You play as a pirate, marooned on a desert isle and must gather resources, craft items to survive the isle, of which its inhabitants are not all so friendly. Games that are based on stories often manage to gather interest of the players. You really want to see the end of the game when you have a mission which is not possible in the popular endless running games. One such game is Datswer which is an action and puzzle game where you will not only have to use your fingers but also your brain. After a car crash Shamil gets in the hands of a mysterious stranger, who offers him a deal he can't refuse. Shamil must find and kill the leader of Moscow criminal syndicate, who is called Jafar, before the sunrise, or else he will die. You are not the driver but the team chief! You control your driver during races by issuing commands while monitoring the race carefully in beautiful 3D surroundings. It's a crazy and challenging 3D jump and run game with a high focus on speedrunning, competition, sick moves and ultimate multiplayer-mayhem! You think the good old Mario Kart was the challenge for you and your friends? Feature List    Fully customize your entire crew, from their names, their stats  and even rename your starship! Three styles of combat: melee, phaser and even starship battles! Switch around your crew before each battle round for added strategy during combat! Nimble Writer is a general-purpose tool for writing stories, be it short fiction stories or even complete novels or books. It focuses on being distraction-free, simple, and fully customizable. Earth, at this time, became a perfect Eden. Social Justice Warriors expresses frustration with how people use divisive labels  like SJW and troll  to discredit and silence each other. No matter what social values you have, attacking and ridiculing other people not only fails to achieve progress but has an additional effect of escalating the conflict while exhausting your patience and eroding your reputation. Choose and hire your doctors and employees, build the departments of your choosing, and manage your finances! Are you thrifty or a big spender? Would you rather pamper your patients instead of your banker? History  After Chuck Sommerville created Chip's Challenge 1 in just ten weeks, Chuck spent two years creating Chip's Challenge 2. However disaster struck, on finishing the development, Chuck found the trademark had been sold and the new owners wanted him to fund the publishing. Having just spent two years working on Chips Challenge 2, Chuck couldnt afford this so with colossal personal sadness Chips Challenge 2 wasnt released. Long time ago, when mages ruled the land, common people raised the rebellion against their magic, arrogance and tyranny. They used catapults, ballistas and bombs in the battle against magic castles and powerful spells. Doodle God is an addicting puzzle   world building game where players use logic and ingenuity to create the entire universe. Starting with the basic elements of earth, wind, fire and air players can build a world filled with locomotives, Dragons, skyscrapers, Aliens and more. In Planet mode players will discover a challenging new way to develop the universe of their dreams. Lead the noble Daqan army as they fearlessly defend their homeland from the invading hordes of the Uthuk Yllan demon-blooded barbarians spreading chaos and destruction wherever they go. Or, lead the Uthuk Yllan and channel their fury into military supremacy. An enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation. The follow-up to the acclaimed 'zen puzzle' game, Quell, this offers another suite of ingenious levels to relax and test you in equal measure! Featuring another beautiful score from acclaimed composer Steven Cravis, a beautiful 'hand-painted' art-style, Quell Reflect is the perfect game to test your powers of logic, without any hint of frustration. Quell Memento is an enchanting puzzle game of logic and relaxation. The third and most ambitious instalment of the haunting Quell games, Memento takes the concept to an even deeper level with an engrossing array of new game-play elements. Featuring a breath-taking score by acclaimed composer Steven Cravis, a voice-over narration and beautiful visuals, Quell Memento leads you on an enchanting journey of discovery and nostalgia. Lex Mortis  is an open-world horror game set on a fully explorable island. The games atmosphere is directly affected by the time of day. During the daytime you will study the island and its mysteries. The last title released for the tenth anniversary of the  SAMURAI WARRIORS  series,  SAMURAI WARRIORS 4-II, is here at last! Naomasa Ii appears as a playable character for the first time, and the various personalities of the age are explored in more depth in  Story Mode, which is now focused on individual characters. Series favorite  Survival Mode  returns as well, powered up from its previous iterations. Beyond Sol is a unique blend of action space combat and grand strategy empire building in a procedurally generated open world. Collect resources, build your city, upgrade your ships and weapons, and cultivate relationships or wage wars with rival cities in your quest to dominate the solar system. Play by yourself or invite your friends to your world and play cooperatively or competitively. Autobahn Police Simulator is the first simulation to realistically reflect the working life of a police officer on the German Autobahn. In numerous and diverse operations the player is responsible for enforcing law and order on Europes fastest roads. In addition to the 40 missions revolving around the daily duties of the Autobahn Police, one can enjoy the extensive Free Play mode. John is a middle-aged investment banker down on his luck. He has no family, no real friends, and his portfolio is in dire straits. Resolving to commit suicide, he jumps off the roof of his office building and at the last minute is saved by an immensely powerful alien entity named HEIDI. Take on the role of Aaki, a seemingly normal if somewhat self conscious young man, whose life is turned upside down after a casual stroll through the local park. Now he has to deal with two mischievous demi-gods who insist he must marry one of them. If that wasn't enough it seems that several women he knows have also decided he must go out with them, and all the while he has his exams to deal with too. Using the previous installation,  GUILTY GEAR XX CORE CORE  as the base, players can perform  Gatling combos  by simply pressing attack buttons in sequence; or launch their opponents into mid-air with the overhead  Dust  attack; or cancelling their character's current motion to allow for more follow-ups with the  Roman Cancel ; keeping everything that makes a GUILTY GEAR game, while fine-tuning everything to reach optimal balance! Sector Zero is a story-driven sci-fi survival game with light RPG elements. Software engineer Alex wakes up with no memory in an unfamiliar and hostile environment.Without a weapon he'll have to use his fast reaction and brains to fight the threats that await for him behind every corner. Follow the story of a young boy, Cantus as he meets Maris, the mysterious girl by the sea - an experience that will change his life forever. Collect seashells, unlock hidden Wallpapers, Theaters, and Side Stories as you sit back and enjoy this cute relaxing story. The Free Version was funded by   Kickstarter. The Asskickers is a modern tribute to 2D arcade beatem ups. Join Alex, Diane and Marcus in their action-packed journey through the heart of the modern urban jungles. Wrongly accused, our three heroes will stand up to a corrupt political and financial elite and make white-collar criminals discover the lost art of asskicking. Experience true survival with a wink in the world of Immune - the new open-world online game. Survive the wastelands with the help of your friends and your hand crafted weapons. Build your own fort to defend yourself and your hard earned loot from evil mutants, bandits or reckless players. Fight side by side with your friends against hords of Aliens. Be prepared for epic battles with several hundreds of enemies. The long awaited return of Saint Seiya is here with Saint Seiya Soldiers Soul! This amazing game will feature characters from the whole series, including the 12 Gold Saints and their God Cloths from the newly released anime Soul of Gold. Humans have all since perished, leaving robots alone to rule. The robots compete fiercely for energy. The Survivor has formidable self-repairing, extraction and production, and researchanddevelopmentability.In this way, even if unable to contact with the ground, the Survivors can also support their independent exploration and research underground.As expected, after entering the cave, they are disturbed by strong energy. In a great shock, these members fall into a coma, and Drilling Trucks go out of control.As a member, you manage to enter into the deep of target cave, somewhere tens of thousands of meters underground. Wooden Floor is a first person adventure horror game inside an old house that seems normal but the further you progress into the game you start to realize that rooms change if you close a door behind you and whole corridors appear out of nowhere. Not being able to predict what is going to happen next or where you are heading for you need to make your way through the increasingly maze-like becoming house to find a way out of this bad dream that you just woke up into. The only thing that goes with you is the wooden floor underneath your feet. It overhauls how players control tanks in battle. Viewing the battlefield, driving tanks, and firing the main gun has never been easier. Play an alien navigating a maze of hexagons in this competitive mix between strategy and board game. Plan your next turn, think fast, act faster, and outmanoeuvre your opponents by predicting their moves. If you are into strategy and tactics, UFHO2 will put your brain to the test! Disney Mickeys Typing Adventure has a proven educational design that teaches kids all of the letters on the keyboard as they type their way to each exciting destination in Typelandia! They are taught proper typing posture and finger placement following one of 11 Typing Courses for their age and skill level. When they pass the lessons and challenges in each destination in Typelandia at proficient speed and accuracy they become touch-typists! MyDream is an online multiplayer sandbox game that combines grid-based building with organic and fully-deformable voxel terrain. Build, terraform, quest, and explore your way across various environments in beautiful and expansive worlds! Adventure with other players and meet the creatures and wildlife going about their everyday activities! However, at the port she meets the captain of the cargo ship that by a lucky chance sails to the same destination. The captain invites her to sail with them, and Natalie agrees. The latest short, serious visual novel by Tomo Kataoka, the author of Narcissu 1st   2nd, has arrived! Plunge yourself into the world of ancient Greek myths together with the heroes of Homers epic Odyssey. Set out on a 20-year journey starting from the walls of Troy to Odysseus' home on Ithaca. Visit mysterious islands filled with magical creatures on the way. will test your ability to see through illusion and discover innovative and cerebral challenges that can be solved as simply as changing the way you perceive them. Hyperspace Pinball is an arcade shooter for PC, Mac and Linux with pinball controls that has players battling aliens and making big skill shots through more than 20 challenging and beautifully rendered levels. Score big points by collecting power-ups, running loops, defeating mini-bosses and conquering mini-challenges. You can even compete with other players on the campaign leaderboards and earn Steam badges, trading cards and more than a dozen achievements! Naruto Movies Now Available on Steam    The latest opus in the acclaimed STORM series is taking you on a colourful and breathtaking ride. Take advantage of the totally revamped battle system and prepare to dive into the most epic fights youve ever seen in the NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM series! Prepare for the most awaited STORM game ever created! From Manifesto Game Studio, this version contains both Fruits Inc.1 and Fruits Inc.2! While there is only one mode with 45 levels, the game takes players into consideration who prefer a slower pace. This version is the Notrium Steam Special Surprise Edition. It includes many improvements including achievements, cloud saves, autosaves, combination hints for easier levels, and to top it all, a surprise! Corrosion: Cold Winter Waiting is a dark, shocking, and fear charged mystery horror adventure game, that casts the player in the role of Sheriff Alex Truman as he attempts to piece together the origins of a disturbed and unidentified car crash victim. Set entirely underneath an idyllic country farmhouse, in the deserted and claustrophobic confines of a mysterious and secret underground complex, players will explore a place nobody knew existed, and uncover a twisted past that gets more and more terrifying with every corner turned, every door opened, and every note read. What happened beneath Cold Winter Farm? Dead TrailZ captures a slice of the zombie apocalypse beautifully. Please check regularly if you're interested, but waiting for us to hit a major milestone, such as content or feature complete! You will have the opportunity to complete tasks unique to PARGs. You must be prepared: There is no virtual world, and you have no in-game avatar. All across the world of Edolie, people are gathering to celebrate the coming of Harvest, the biggest event of the year. Feasts and dancing will mark the passing of another generous year. For Willow its a chance for her to travel to a neighborhood island to watch the festivals unfold, but this is going to be a harvest unlike any that have come before. Panda School Browser is a safe and simple browser which gives access strictly to a list of pre-approved websites and videos. Clicks on banners or other external links are simply ignored. Domino, the youngest wizard ever to earn the rank of Archmage, has just begun his study of the ancient Dark Tower, a treasure trove of lost magical knowledge. Sorry,now there are only English interface, English subtitles are still being processed,we hope to complete as soon as possible. It was the end of an era  with the defeat of Japan, WWII had come to an end. The Undying Plague   has a simple task - to fight against waves of zombies attacking us. At your disposal, you have all sorts of weapons, each has  different specifications. During the game you will meet several types of zombies that are different from each other including their speed, resistance and damage. Dark Forester is a Hardcore Forest Management Game that employs your best aspects of the RPG, RTS, Crossplatforming MMO and god game genres. Create your own forest, customize it like your heart's wishes, set magic and physical traps. Protect your land from enemy waves! Lord of the Dark Castle  is a casual turn-based retro style roguelike dungeon crawler with elements of strategy. Move/attack in Your turn, and the Monsters move/attack in their turn. Each level is randomized and will introduce new monsters as the Hero reaches deeper down into the dungeon. Cubicle Quest is a game about how life can suck. Dead end jobs, repetitive obligations, irritating coworkers... Cubicle Quest takes all of those things and turns them into enemies you can fight in an old-school RPG. Adventuring in Cubicle Quest doesn't earn you levels and gold to fight some great ancient evil. Versus Mode - Play against friends or go solo with multiple game types including T10, T20, ODI and Indoor Rules! PeriAreion, a term meaning  closest approach to Mars, is a single-player realistic space sim/strategy game. The goal is to establish a sustainable colony on Mars by mining minerals, constructing and populating a base, and dealing with the hazards of such a harsh environment. Like Oregon Trail in space, PeriAreion is about exploring a new and unforgiving frontier. Enjoy this fan-made dungeon crawler crossover between old-school boardgames like Heroquest, Warhammer Quests and good oldies like Diablo I and DungeonMaster. Wander evil-packed dungeons and battle golems, demons and other soul-less creatures with dozen of hours of gameplay through many campaigns, heroes, a plethora of weapons, armors, potions and magic spells at your disposal. Released in 2013, the game has greatly evolved in content and quality with help from it's community of early players. We feel that weve been able to achieve a lot in a short time. Burstfire was fun for us during both our internal tests and Open Alpha Summer 2015. Your name is Jayson Traish, and you have just graduated from high school. You failed your exams horribly and you face a life of menial work. Your only recourse is to try get a job at a host bar, where your duties include, hitting on women, drinking copious amounts of alcohol and cleaning the toilets. Solar System Conflict is a multiplayer space-survival game in which a colony of humans is stranded in a recently discovered solar system, in search of a way back to Earth. Upgrade and adapt your spaceships from single pilot fighters to large motherships. Players can explore, scavenge  craft and fight instead of worrying about twisting an ankle stepping out a window or breaking a leg jumping over a fence. About the Game Survive against the odds in a giant sandbox MMO world featuring lush forests, dry desert plains, peaceful meadows and the eerie zombies that inhabit the world. Audition is an online music and dancing game that allows players to compete against and cooperate with players from around all over the world. Dance your way to virtual stardom by syncing your avatar's moves with the beat of today's hottest pop music. Players get to engage in a variety of single and multiplayer modes, while dressed in your choice of threads. The award winning physics puzzle game is back! Bob is a snail who needs your help to traverse dangerous obstacles and avoid bug baddies. Bob will simply crawl onwards regardless of the situation, and your job is to press buttons, activate machines and fill deadly gaps to keep this snail trailing. Mr. Fatty Mazes Adventures is a logic game based on a thrilling story that offers an entirely new outlook on the world of labyrinths! On its way to an island marked on the map, his plane crashes, but the brave traveler survives. Ancestory  offers the deep tactics of turn-based strategy mixed with the fun of card games and deck building. Summon underworldly minions on the battlefield, command them and cast your enemy to oblivion with a wide array of spells. Lead your forces to capture and hold totems spread across the battlefield in order to win! Search inside ancient ruins, seeking out the Secret Treasure of Life  which sleeps in the sprawling ruins of LA-MULANA and is said to be the beginning of all civilization. Unfortunately, priceless artifacts very rarely give themselves up easily. GunWorld is a love letter to 8-bit action games, it's an homage to everything great about classic game design and action heroes of the 1980s! An emphasis on high challenge and non-linear progression means GunWorld is not for the faint of heart. Gremlin Invasion: Survivor is a co-op overhead action shooter. With 8 different levels to choose from and up to 8 players, you'll play together in a survival-style mission to blast away hordes of gremlins that have come to take you out. You'll have access only to the weapons and supplies dropped throughout the mission, so use your health and ammo wisely - all you have to do is survive! Exostorm is a classic top down shooter with gorgeous art, pumping music, an eye for modern design. Sit, ladies and gentlemen, and let me  sell you the game. Time Mysteries: Inheritance  Remastered is an enhanced version of one of the most important games in Artifex Mundis portfolio and the first chapter of an exciting trilogy of time travel games from 2010. Vivien Ambrose, a young doctor of physics, goes to her fathers house to celebrate a recent scientific achievement. When she gets there, she finds out her dad is nowhere to be found. Another soul passes through The Gate only to discover an underworld of demonic armies and infernal battles. Your journey unfolds as you capture disciples and train them in combat. Can you unlock mysterious skill upgrades and build an army powerful enough to help defeat fire-belching world bosses? The Shield Maiden, as with all mortal Norsemen, was to have her fate determined by the three fate-weaving Norns and their sacred loom before she even entered the world. However, her destiny was shattered when the mischievous god Loki interfered, dripping spots of the wretched substance Eitr into the unwoven loom, forever altering the Shield Maidens path and engulfing the great tree Yggdrasil in darkness. Now the Shield Maiden must venture into the nine Norse worlds connected by Yggdrasil and unravel the mystery of her fate. Environmental Station Alpha is an action adventure platformer with a retro aesthetic and heavy emphasis on exploration. In the game the player controls a robot sent to investigate a mysterious, abandoned space station with the mission to find out what exactly took place there. Overrun by wildlife the station is immensely dangerous to explore, and on top of that earthquakes have made navigating the various areas very challenging. Wolfenstein: The Old Blood  is a standalone prequel to the critically acclaimed first-person action-adventure shooter,  Wolfenstein: The New Order. The adventure, which spans eight chapters and two interconnected stories, features the hallmarks of MachineGames  thrilling action, immersive story and intense first-person combat. In No Pineapple Left Behind, you have to run a school full of children. Children have lots of wants, needs, and feelings. That's a problem, because if they get don't pay attention in class and get low grades, your school loses money. Start at the beginning of the series with  TransOcean: The Shipping Company  and its exciting adventure set among the floating giants of cargo shipping. In  TransOcean2: Rivals  experience the next exciting installment in the tale of loyalty, betrayal, and world dominating empires. Spirit of War: The Great War  is a turn-based strategy game set during World War I. Lead troups of the Triple Entente or Triple Alliance army and relive World War I greatest battles. Drawing inspiration from board games classics, Spirit of War: The Great War offers a unique arcade/strategy gameplay. Look through a microscope and discover a small world made of ever expanding cells of 3 colors. Launch a cell against one of the same color to make them both disappear. Create your own epic saga of conflict, mythology and community! Rule your own clan, take important strategic decisions, win battles and expand your influence. As the editor of one of the last independent newspapers in the country, your job is to remove and edit the content of your paper, affecting the peoples opinion of both the rebels and the Loyalist government. With an increase of rebel activity and an ever watching government breathing down your neck, whose truth will you print? Even if you don't have a band, you can realize your musical vision using virtual instruments. Music Creator and SONAR include new Cakewalk Sound Center, which gives you access to at least 150 different instrument sounds. It includes acoustic   electric guitars, basses, drums, pianos, synths, strings, ethnic sounds, and more. Audio Plugins   Rapture Pro  is an audio plugin. For more info on audio plugins please read our  Audio Plugin FAQ. About the Software  Rapture Pro  is the first performance synth to combine oscillator and sample-based synthesis in an intuitive design for musicians of any skill level. Reflections is a real-world adventure game where every action you take has meaningful consequences that radically shape the experience. The game takes a new approach to story, where everything you do can be woven into a narrative that drastically changes, thanks to our Storyteller engine. As a lowly captain on a dead-end planet, you must build a ship, complete a mission and wave it goodbye when your crew defect to the other side. Then design a new ship to hunt down those mutinous traitors in an endless cycle of punishment and revenge. Don't make that new design too good though, because odds are you'll be fighting it pretty soon. Following the epic storylines of Jurassic Park, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park III, as well as the highly anticipated Jurassic World, LEGO Jurassic World  is the first videogame where players will be able to relive and experience all four Jurassic films. Reimagined in LEGO form and told in TT Games signature classic LEGO humor, the thrilling adventure recreates unforgettable scenes and action sequences from the films, allowing fans to play through key moments and giving them the opportunity to fully explore the expansive grounds of Isla Nublar and Isla Sorna. Farlight Explores is a 3D space-sandbox game, made for space exploration, science fiction, resource management and action fans. Automatization:  Manage and automate the extraction of ores and production of elements that are essential to grow your base. Captured by one of Orlandes Citys most infamous brotherhoods, the Red Hand Guild, you are thrown to the mercy of the subterranean world deep beneath the streets of the great capital. Wading through the sewers and other dark menacing places, your goal is to reach Undercity, the City beneath the City! Only there can you find the help you need to escape this underground horror and bring down the dark brotherhood from within. Sneaky Ninja is the stealth game Nintendo would make. It's a 2D stealth platformer mix of  Mario  and  Mark of the Ninja,  combining lighthearted platforming with tactical stealth action and a wide range of difficulty modes for a game both casual and hardcore can enjoy! For a hundred years, a small Ninja village has lived peacefully in the forest of Udon Groves, protected from the warring Samurai army by the magic of the spirits. You can play as either a Ghost or a Human character and work with your friends to run, hide, survive or die. Lose yourself in The Silent Age, the thrilling point-and-click adventure with over seven million mobile downloads, completely revamped and updated for PC. Help Joe as he travels between the groovy present of 1972 and the apocalyptic future of 2012 to discover the truth behind humankinds extinctiona quest entrusted to him by a dying man from the future. Use your portable time travel device to solve puzzles that bring you closer to answers and saving humanity. Poppy kart is a funny karting game in a pixelated world. Mario Kart fans  will love the world of Poppy Kart. The story: Froggy, the Daddy Crapo's daughter ran away. In  Urban Empire  you take control of a mayoral dynasty and lead your city and people through 200 years of history. Establish infrastructures, plan city districts, debate political decisions at the town council, bribe or blackmail your opponents, empower the democratic rights of your people or ignore them and reign supremely by yourself  the decision is yours! Beginning in the 1820s, establish your city through five different eras, each with its own threats and opportunities. Immersed into dark and unexplored ancient woods a group of expeditioners goes deep in search of an old, almost forgotten legend, the  Legend of the Ancients. But not everything goes as planned as the place keeps a never revealed horrifying secret. You play the game as Thomas Farrell, a young anthropologist and one of the expeditioners behind the search of evidence about the  Legend of the Ancients. Its been two years since Atcchan, our protagonist, left his hometown; a small, sleepy village with a tiny population. Now he is finally able to return - but only for three days. How will his old friends react to him, and will their relationships be able to stand the test of time? Porcunipine is a couch multiplayer about balding porcupines fighting courageously for survival using their very last pointy quills. The concept of the game is simple: You are a majestic and terribly violent porcunipine. You have one quill which you can shoot at your opponents. Here at Curve, we love indie games. Well, probably some people don't, but we wouldn't trust 'em. Subspace Continuum  is a player-maintained online shoot em up game enjoyed by people from all around the world - many of whom remain addicted to the fast paced explosive battles! Gameplay is extremely competitive and there are cup leagues, tournaments, cash prize events, a variety of team   squad based competitions. This completely free game also has a pretty interesting player community with its own history which is so in-depth that books could probably be written about it! With the powers of a god, you are unleashed upon the universe to begin forging your galactic empire in the stars. From dust to the cosmos beyond, your civilization will rise through the ages under your guidance. Unwilling to be replaced in her position as a minor kingdoms princess by a popular and semi-perfect rival, Lillian has to fight other ladies in raising sim themed card battles. Work, School and Item cards all raise stats and the goal is to raise all the stats to maximum before the opponent does. Will she manage to defend her position as the kingdom's princess and prove to the world she's the best girl for the job? Road Works is a new take on the Strategy game genre by indie game developer TaxSoft, inspired by classic City Builder and Business Tycoon video games. You are given a set of factories and are put in charge of maximizing its profits through the construction of carefully planned road networks and making the right factory management choices. In contrast to other tycoon games, you have no money or time restrictions. Kaiju Panic is an Action-Strategy game with a bright and unique art style where you have to rescue survivors and guide them to the safety while defending against the giant monster Kaiju. Take control of the field commander. Build, fight and rescue your way through a wide variety of locations around the world. Welcome to Overture  The capital city of a great empire that has discovered and uses magic in its daily life. Dive into this unique visual novel where you explore the workings of this magical and fantastic city. But, in a world where magic defines your status, rumors of a revolution are stirring, and the city is uneasy. Futuridium EP Deluxe is a psychedelic retro inspired shootem up with a modern twist, that blends together frantic action, puzzle elements, a vibrant low poly aesthetic and an heart pumping electronic soundtrack. As a lone starship pilot lost in a dimensional loop just before a big space battle, with a limited and constantly depleting energy tank, your only hope is to fly as fast as possible over enormous space dreadnoughts, destroying their defenses and the cyan power cubes to get some energy back. Try to escape the infinite loop of Futuridium: you can count only on your reflexes, your dual lasers, the nimbleness of your starship and... the ability to turn 180 on the spot! Well it seems some death god sort of mixed up the things here and only the Windows build was uploaded on steam. Mac and Linux build are coming ASAP. Many myths and legends have been woven about the Arabian Peninsula. One of these legends tells of Iram, City of Pillars, and its exceptional destiny. Being the heir to the throne you lived a life of splendor and never worked one day of physical labor  until one day, the winds of fate turned. Race to the finish in  Giana Sisters: Dream Runners, a fast-paced, head-to-head platformer for up to four players. Run and jump, dash and smash, daze and teleport, morph and cannon oh you get the idea: mess with your opponents! The game pits up to four players  against each other in local and online competition, speed-running for the finish in an effort to push each other off the screen with the help of boosters and power-ups. Explore an open sandbox environment which, depending on your intention, could have or could not have a foreseeable end. But as you investigate further, you may notice some suspicious activity including animals that would not normally be found in an area like this and some inconsistencies that lead to more questions. Experience fast action, thrilling levels, spectacular explosions and lots of pew-pew-pew. Star Horizon is a reboot for the on-rails space shooter genre. The town of Deadwood is being terrorized by the ghost of a murderous outlaw in Ghost Encounters: Deadwood - The Collector's Edition! Check out Our New Game Kickass commandos! Chicken Invaders puts you at the forefront of a battle against invading intergalactic chickens, bent on revenge against the human race for our oppression of Earth chickens. In this episode, the chickens have hatched a devious plan to block out sunlight and freeze Earth to death. It's up to you to travel around the galaxy in order to piece together an ancient artifact and save the day. Laura doesnt suffer from nightmares anymore. But, despite the fact that it has been 2 years since she came out of the coma, she is haunted by the promise of Sandman to take revenge. Laura and Tim go to ski resort hoping to distract Laura from heavy thoughts. This is an MMO shooter where you ride dragons armed with missiles and lasers! The plot of the game unfolds in an imaginary universe, where two highly advanced races, Neils and Atlans, fight against each other. Their battle units are gigantic flying creatures controlled by adopiants, their riders. Bomb disposal technician turned mercenary for hire, Shelly  Bombshell  Harrison must strong-arm her way across 4 planets in an Unreal Engine-powered galactic adventure to rescue the president from an apocalyptic alien threat. With out-of-this-world enemies, a never-before-seen arsenal of devastating weaponry and a host of genre-crossing mechanics, Bombshell is set to blow you away. They are slow and dumb, and they sure need you! Snails is a 2D platformer/puzzle game where the main objective is to help the snails reach the level exit. There are 4 different game modes: The Escort, in which the player needs to take the snails to the exit. Customize attack combinations with up to five moves, opening up a whole new array of ways to defeat your enemies! Metamorphabet is a playful, interactive alphabet for all ages. Poke, prod, drag, and spin the letters of the alphabet to reveal surprising and luminous transformations. Rooftop Cop is a collection of five endless vignette games and a 7-track album. The games are set on a loose metaphysical timeline in which the Cops slowly lose their way. After falling in love at first sight with the shy Sachi Usui, an injury-ridden, single-eyed high school girl, the protagonist tries to win over her lonely and isolated heart. Dungeon Highway drops you into a delightfully stylized fantasy world filled to the brim with dastardly monsters. Heart-pounding action, nostalgic graphics and an enchanting chiptune soundtrack bring a new milestone to the genre of endless arcade racing. Runner fans will enjoy clearing paths with attacks and power-ups. New game on Steam from a member of the  how do you Do It? If you liked  how do you Do It? Taking place in a single mansion in Candlewood, northeast USA, in the early 20th Century,  House of Caravan is a sinister adventure filled with dark secrets and vexing puzzles. Stepping into the role of a young boy captured by strangers on his way back from school, you'll be tasked with exploring the house, uncovering clues as to your kidnapping, while attempting to find a way out. But in this apparently deserted mansion, something doesn't feel quite right. Explore the universe of Plug   Play, an interactive animation drawn by  Michael Frei  and coded by  Mario von Rickenbach. An unashamedly surreal play with plugs. Play time between 10  15 minutes. It is the year 522 AD and Valhonis Lionaire, the last remaining survivor of a brand of skilled warriors, has been chosen by the king to carry out a quest. In effort to reclaim a kingdom taken over by evil, Valhonis must vanquish the dragon that lies somewhere deep inside the castle. However, this task wont be easy as he will be faced with many obstacles along the way. The legendary video game is reborn, Deus Ex Machina 2 is a darkly comic cradle-to-grave roller-coaster of your entire life. With complete rock album soundtrack and the greatest voice on the planet as your narrator - Christopher Lee. In  Oil Enterprise, you enter the multi-million dollar business of black gold as a shrewd businessman. Accept the challenge and grow from a small-scale en trepreneur, investing in your first oilfield, to a global oil magnate. Acquire oil production rights in up to 15 regions around the world and use the potential of your oil reserves as efficiently as possible on the dynamic global market. New railways are cheap when laid across bare fields, but can be expensive when demolishing forests, villages and other existing structures. Manage increasing traffic by constructing, switches, sidings and spurs so that multiple trains can run without delays, at the same time. So, another multiplayer FPS that claims to be  real, what's the deal? There are hundreds of them and we all know that realism isn't really there. There are few that comes close, but not quite there. Bonus Scarlet Nova 2016 Digital Calendar Included With All Purchases! Look for it in the  The Deadly Tower of Monsters\Scarlet Nova Calendar  folder located in your Steam apps directory. About the Game  The illustrious space explorer Dick Starspeed has crash landed onto the mysterious planet Gravoria. In this superb classic retro adventure game from yesteryear, take on the role of Spud and prevent the evil Doctor Chillblane from enslaving the world with his cruel tyranny. Travel the world from pole to pole running a gauntlet of strange creatures such as... manic penguins, crazed pixies, paranoid polar bears and dangerous dragons... in order to complete your quest and save your Grand- father and his amazing magical invention. Seeing is believing in this the world's first interactive cartoon. Casey Powell Lacrosse 16 combines the player movement and passing of basketball with the stick skills, shooting, and hitting of hockey to create a high scoring, action-packed game of lacrosse. Pick up the controller and play the fastest game on two feet from the comfort of your living room! Fight waves of Axis planes and panzers until you hit the boss enemies  the  ACES OF THE LUFTWAFFE. Sneak into the pharaoh's pyramid and meet up with Assil and his crew of crazy friends. Just as the party starts to get hot, a silly accident turns life upside down! Unleashing a deadly curse and discovering a precious amulet, as Assil, you will be immersed in Ankh's amazing ancient world. Volchaos is an ultra-challenging old school platformer. As a nameless explorer, you must navigate through dangerous volcanoes in search of precious gems you can use to pay off your mortgage, bad investments, and alimony. To further complicate matters, the lava is continuously rising and an array of enemies stands in your path. Space is a dangerous placed for even the most seasoned starship pilot, full of asteroids, multicolored floating blocks, and space mines. It's even more dangerous when you your accelerator is stuck to the floor and your brakes are out. Can you survive long enough to get that elusive high score or are you destined to add a new crater to the face of an unsuspecting asteroid? One hundred years from tomorrow...World War IV has started! Will you join the United Star Force to defend Earth and its colonies from the relentless attacks of the Non-Aligned Nations? Or will you assume the role of commander in the NAN, striking at our Star System to gain dominance over the most powerful military organization in history? Thirty years after Freddy Fazbear's Pizza closed it's doors, the events that took place there have become nothing more than a rumor and a childhood memory, but the owners of  Fazbear's Fright: The Horror Attraction  are determined to revive the legend and make the experience as authentic as possible for patrons, going to great lengths to find anything that might have survived decades of neglect and ruin. At first there were only empty shells, a hand, a hook, an old paper-plate doll, but then a remarkable discovery was made... The attraction now has one animatronic. Find all the cars, all the drivers and all the official rallies of the 2015 FIA World Rally Championship in THE racing simulation standard. Feel the impact of the different road surfaces on how your vehicle handles thanks to a brand new physics engine that faithfully recreates the sensations of driving on gravel, snow, asphalt, dirt, ice and sand. Bunker is a classic point and click adventure that you probably enjoy even if you don't usually play adventure games! Aberoth is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role playing game with charming retro graphics and tons of freedom. You start your adventure in an orcish prison with no possessions or skills. Once you escape, your journey of exploration begins. There are so many games set in space, willingly limiting their scope to new instances of Star Wars-style ships, blasters and myths. Devouring Stars is an attempt at expanding the horizon of  celestial  games, focusing on the eerie beauty and poetry of distant stars, blackholes and mysterious corners of our universe. What if you could litterally unhook the stars? Please, Dont Touch Anything  is a cryptic, brain-racking button-pushing simulation. Covering for a colleague who is taking a bathroom break, you find yourself in front of a mysterious panel which only component is a red button. And since youve clearly been instructed not to touch anything, the only thing you want to do now is push that damn button. Chaostower is a physics-based action puzzler. Build a tower from a whole bunch of different parts and prove it against several natural forces like earthquakes, wind and meteors. Defend your tower against artificial enemies, like robots, tanks, bomb-birds and many more. LoveBeat is a dance party game filled with exciting music, dance, and friendly. Players can build new friendship through the usage of cheerful emoticons and social interactions. New fashion items are updated regularly to allow the players to showcase their trendy styles. the Game  Get ready for the fur to fly in this wild and crazy  match-3  game! Designed for masters of stealth who share a passion for rewriting history with games, Assassins Creed Chronicles let players embody Assassins Shao Jun, Arbaaz Mir, and Nikola Orelov in a 2.5D reimagining of the Assassins Creed universe. In the end, its the epitome of what an aesthetic and music-focused game should be: simple gameplay made fun by good game design and an outstanding soundtrack. The Jedi Knights have been exterminated. Crash-land on a hostile sentient world in this deep, turn-based 4X/citybuildier. Learn the languages of other trapped alien empires, explore, form alliances, and ultimately attempt the impossible: escape. China is in disarray and within years the population plummets from 60 million to less than 20 million. Massive war involving millions of men devastates the land. The development team behind the award-winning game Decisive Campaigns: From Warsaw To Paris is back with a new and improved game engine that focuses on the decisive  year and theater of World War II! Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue is the second title in the critically-acclaimed Decisive Campaigns series, with tons of new features and set on the epic canvas of the Eastern Front in 1942. Produced and developed by a dedicated and expert team of professionals, Decisive Campaigns: Case Blue comes packed with deep gameplay, detailed unit data and rich historical scenarios based on extensive research. Are you ready for this 8 players local multiplayer bonanza? You only need 3 gamepads, one keyboad and a lot of repressed anger! Miner Warfare is a frantic 2D action local multiplayer experience. Inspire and lead your settlers, gather resources, construct houses, and expand your kingdom in The Settlers Online. The Settlers Online combines popular gameplay elements with brand new additions and improvements. Seize territory and explore in a gaming experience built for everyone to enjoy, from The Settlers newbies to old-school gamers. In the first episode you play David Newcastle, the victim. Kidnapped for no clear reason, Dave will have to find his way out and elude captivity while trying to figure out who his captor is. For years, RPG Maker has been the easiest way to make your own Windows PC Roleplaying game. We have strived to give everyone, regardless of experience or skill level, the tools to make a game they could be proud of. Fling a ball of goo around a big open world and find stars. An atmospheric platformer where players fight weird monsters that keep on claiming that they're part of an operating system. Have you ever noticed the similarities between old platformers and dreams? Locations are flowing, consequences are twisted, and discoveries don't always follow everyday logic. Survive the zombie apocalypse with turn-based combat and permanent death! Manage survivors, go on dangerous scavenging runs, build alliances, craft equipment, make difficult story-influencing decisions, defend your camp against undead hordes and experience non-linear rogue-lite elements. Warp into action with  Solar Shifter EX. Man your ship and dive into fierce combat situations in space and over beautiful and distant planet surfaces. Solar Shifter EX is a sci-fi shoot 'em up with the unique ability to 'shift'. The realm was ravaged by  Devils   Demons. As the battle between monsters and men raged, endless streams of diabolic reapers brought death and despair to humankind. Ever wondered what one quadrillion damage per second feels like? Embark on your quest to attain it today! My Organic Garden is an avant-garde organ-clicking game. Organa, the main character, is working as an apprentice at her master Irenes shop. Irenes shop is one that raises mysterious plants that grow organs, which are then harvested and sold to the villagers. It uses a dark atmosphere combining classic platform mechanics with survival dynamics to bring the feeling of wandering in the deepest and darkest places of the mind and soul. Defeat  Ghosts with the power of your inner light.     Battle head-to-head for control of the galaxies in this frantic multiplayer action game straight out of a 1980s space anime! Blast shots, dodge energy beams, and deflect projectiles as you race your tram into the opposing team's base! Grab the capsule to capture the galaxy before your enemy captures theirs! We are not alone in the universe, its filled with Zombies! That's right, in mankind's effort to expand into the stars they discovered something so sinister that it stopped them DEAD in their tracks. Just Updated  The Lone Wanderer expansion is now live! Explore a breathtaking ancient land filled with deception, revenge, and battles between legendary weapon masters. You are a gun for hire with nothing to your name but your rifle and a single bullet. The player with the largest number of gems at the end of the round wins. Things quickly become more complicated, though, as collecting diamonds will reveal items buried underground that will grant players the ability to attack the opponent or obtain temporary boosts that will help them win the race. Farabel  is a turn based strategy game that starts out at the end. You start out at the end of the conclusion of the story. Set in the distant future of 2406, Earth and the colonies of Mars are at the brink of war. Play as Lieutenant-Commander Junius Fahrenheit onboard the Sierra as him and his crew are forced into a fight that will define the future of mankind altogether. Equipped with supernatural powers, take control of Lucius as he begins his blood filled tour of horror through his own house, using Hells powers of telekinesis and mind control to orchestrate deadly accidents that will minimize the population of the Dante Manor one by one by one. liquivid is an intuitive, easy-to-use editor for your videos and photos: Clean up and improve all your captures with a single click   have more fun viewing and sharing your memories. liquivid fixes lens distortion caused by wide angle lenses, removes camera shake   image noise and improves colors and sharpness. Basic video cutting, batch processing and support for all common video formats, codecs and resolutions make it the tool of choice for everyone who wants to get more out of their captures. Veteran arcade developer Triangle Service brings us the classic shmup experience with XIIZEAL! Select your mode and prepare for fast and frantic action. There are many enemies, but the side shot allows you to attack even when you're surrounded! Fight your way through dungeons littered with dangerous traps, equip your character, learn various skills and spells, defeat hordes of monsters, and save the kingdom from ruin. The Warlocks Citadel is a turn-based game in which the player control a single character. After Sasha is fooled into placing her hand on an ancient shrine, her twin sister Lilly starts noticing a new darker side to her that she has never seen before. After discovering that Sasha's body is slowly being possessed by the immortal Zahhak, Lilly must furiously try to save her! If she fails, she will have to watch as the infinite power of an immortal lays claim to the world once more in Lilly and Sasha: Curse of the Immortals. Take on the role of a spaceship captain. Lead your crew across the galaxy, where the ultimate goal is up to you. Fight for peace or piracy as you explore new worlds, improve your ship, recruit crew members and engage in intense ship-to-ship battles. Penelope Barker and Aaron S. Reid are agents of the extra-governmental Pandora Global Corp, which works in parallel with the CIA. Unbeknown to them, they are also guinea pigs in an ambitious and dangerous project... The corporation is experimenting with a modification to DNA that is capable of altering the faculties of the guinea-pig subjects, thereby granting them powers beyond the ordinary. Players assume the role of a survivor in a world plagued by a deadly outbreak. The government announces their plans deal with monstrous infected by means of nuclear weapons. It lets users simulate their own movie theater in virtual reality, with an unprecedented level of detail, realism and sense of immersion. Grab some popcorn, it's movie time! There is nothing Joe wouldn't do for his wife. But as they try to save their marriage with a romantic getaway, things go from bad to worse, and from worse... to insanity. In this tale of love, madness and murder - Joe will prove what kind of man he is. In the rush to invent, conquer, and create, the ultimate consequences are sometimes forgotten. Our ever advancing Aether technology opened a rift to another time, unleashing an ancient beast upon the galaxy. Freshman Year is a vignette game about an ordinary night in the life a college freshman named Nina. Nina's best friend Jenna invites her to meet up at a local bar with some classmates. Jenna is sort of flaky though, so Nina has to navigate the party by herself. Venture into the darkness of the Dream Forest and discover why it's now called  Cursed. Meet interesting characters in a psychological adventure, solve puzzles and learn all about the story of Artuo, the knight who wants to be a wizard; Red, a fire goblin that was summoned by Artuo; Melchior, the wizard of dreams and his companions. Red Goblin takes inspiration from a host of old school retro platformers. The human race is in danger again. This time scientists could not cope the imminent threat and became monsters themselves. You and a small number of others have not been affected by the virus. You must journey from the safe environs of Starton Eridani, through the wondrous yet treacherous systems of Human Space, all the way to the edge of the alien quarantine zone. This adventure, containing over 24 hours of content, will be continued in  Part II :  The Vault of the Galaxy, currently scheduled for release in 2016. FreeCell Quest is an RPG FreeCell game. Youve never played FreeCell like this before! When an archmage takes control of the entire continent of Selvarin, the worlds most powerful wizards try and fail to defeat him in battle. Luminoso is a puzzle game with laser beams. The goal of each puzzle is to make all laser beams hit the receiver pieces of their respective color. Fight your way to the top in this action-packed permanent death dungeon crawler! In a world of desolation and despair, a wanderer looked up and saw the endless sky staring back down at him. He would make it there, no matter what it took. You are the new plow on the block, and today is your day. How many cars can you shepherd home before achieving grounds for termination? An arcade snowplowing game by Dan FitzGerald  INCLUDES: Attack of the Snowmobiles update! Engage in the craziest war against humans.. as a pigeon! Use famous war tactics such as engagement, avoiding and target fixing to center unlucky people with poo and get points for that. Cold War leaders Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev have been kidnapped by militant extremists. Once rivals, now they must cooperate or die. Ever wanted to see how the popular Hacker Evolution games were made? Upon purchasing the source code you will also receive unlimited support via email directly from the lead developer. Super Furball is a rollicking action-platformer, inspired by the greats of the DOS and NES era. Explore many varied locations, full of cunning secrets and unique dangers, including 4 epic boss battles. You, as a furball with a laser gun, must trek across the world, fighting countless foes in defense of your environment. Voyage to Farland is a tough as nails turn-based graphical dungeon crawler inspired by the cult classic Japanese Mystery Dungeon games. In search of a lost sister, the wanderer takes on challenges in forests, dungeons, and caverns to defeat an evil witch who has kidnapped the local children. There is no doubt that you are being watched. There is a place in the galaxy where legends are born...   Kirk, Chekov, Sulu. Before they were legends, they were cadets at the most celebrated training facility in the Universe -- Starfleet Academy! Having spent his life locked inside, protected by his sister and hidden from an extremely hostile world, a young Sourcer named Bleak passed the time using his creativity and ingenuity to rebuild a destroyed C.O.G. surveyor robot name  Glitch. When his sister, Asha is discovered and arrested, Bleak emerges with Glitch by his side into this unfamiliar and overwhelming terrain. You're stuck on the perimeter of a tube and you job is to shoot at everything in your way. If things get too hectic, you can slam on the brakes, which stops your forward movement for a few seconds and gives you time to change your direction or clear a path. This is a game where you control a ball that wishes to reach the sky. To help it achieve it's dream, you must complete a series of levels while collecting items. In a world of cubes and puzzles, you must be skillful or you will perish in the attempt. The horde of drones has invaded earth. They are taking over cities and factories to use for their own self-replication. Play as Joe or Gem and rise up to fight the horde. Choose one of three heroes and customize your Battlecard loadout. Featuring Arcade, a score chaser that consists of eight different levels. Red Bit Ninja is an old school platformer with a rope climbing physic and difficulty of the good old times. It features classic pixel art, 60 hair pulling levels and five mean bosses. If you want learning  Hanafuda,  Koi-Koi Japan  is the fastest way! Everyone can be a  Koi-Koi  Master! Hanafuda  is a traditional Japanese card game. Third installment to the very successful Pony World series, which sold over 2 million copies worldwide. Game features improved gameplay, cartoony 3D graphics and whole new, bigger and better Pony Town to explore, live in and form relationships. Socialize with other ponies, play with them and meet your beloved one. Restricted-RPS  is an online multiplayer  swindle'emup  for 6+ players. Each player is given a set of Rock Paper Scissors cards and Star betting chips with which to play matches, trade, buy information and buy other players. As the cards dwindle down, two at a time, from being used in matches, who has what becomes critical information. CopperCube is a full-featured 3D game engine. Create 3D games, apps and even 3D websites quickly. In  Bunker Constructor  you build strong bunkers that protect against enemy attacks. You must build resilient bunkers through 45 levels and in 5 environments including desert, forest, beach, mountains and city ruins, because the next attack wave is already underway! You will know if your bunker is strong enough when the enemies attack with either their artillery, tanks or bombs. Gynophobia is a horror shooter about abnormal fear of women. Gynophobia is using classic first person shooter gameplay, to convey story about Mark, who is suffering from different phobias, including abnormal fear of woman. Escape is a small 2D strategy game where you have to go through different rooms. Each rooms has a finish point and you need to manage to go to that point without dying. The game is quit simple, it can be finished very quickly depending on your jumping skills! Titanis is a 2D Action RPG set in a desert wasteland of the far future. The story follows the mercenary team Bash and Slash as they try to scratch out a living through whatever means necessary. Along the way they make new allies as well as bump into old enemies. Manga are comics created in Japan. The problem for most people is, as they're made in Japan they're only produced in Japanese; someone has to translate them to English! Is one man able to accomplish this? Unheard Screams is a text based roleplaying game. You play as Miala, a Congolese liberator attempting to overthrow the regime of King Leopold II of Belgium. As the player your job is to fight the foreign oppressors and regain control of territories in the Congo while managing your rebellion's resources. Super Snow Fight is a local-multiplayer-action-brawler game for up to four players. Fight snowball battles against or with your friends, foes or the merciless AI. Throw snowballs in your opponents' faces or use any of the cruel power-ups lying around in the battlefield. Once upon a time, an evil Demon Lord ruled the world. Your whole life has been spent training for the moment you and your companions could defeat the Demon Lord and save the world. Wielding incredible power, your victory is almost certain. Luckily the curse has transformed your people into helpful monsters such as drills, blobs, icicles, and gravity flipping...things. With your monster subjects in hand you'll have to drill through rocks, maneuver through spiky terrain, freeze water to pass over the sea, and restore your kingdom to its former glory. Updated for Oculus. About the Game You close your eyes and when you open them again, you wake up in a new world full of magic. Decide for yourself whether you prefer, to fly on the back of an eagle or would you rather be the pilot. This game is perfect after a hard day's work. Do you love to wriggle through tricky situations? Do you stay calm despite nerve-wracking situations? Then  Go Home  is just right for you. Step into the shoes of a detective to explore the eerie village, investigate surreal events, and battle the elements to survive. About the Game One of Destructoids top indie games to look for in 2016. This is   TASTEE: we do take out. Choose from a cross-section of top current indie music artists, then defend your stage from hordes of quirky aliens by tapping to the music and using a fun assortment of makeshift weapons like speakers, strobe lights, fog machines, amplifiers, bouncers and custom special attacks! Make the movie of your dreams amid the glamor and romance of 1950s Hollywood! Hollywood Visionary  is a 150,000-word interactive novel by Aaron A. Reed, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. Economic based 4x, puts you in a large galaxy with hundreds of systems as a CEO of a colony destined to rule over all competitors, features dozens or more opponent CEOs. Containing some features never seen in 4x games. Galaxy Union places you in a densely populated galaxy as a CEO of a corporation with a mission to unite the galaxy under your rule. Take command of a U-boat prowling the Atlantic in search of enemy convoys to sink. Sneak past the escorts and torpedo the transports. Shadow Hunter is a casual deductive puzzle game with RPG elements. As a Shadow Hunter, you must use your senses to detect dangers and artifacts beneath the endless darkness that spreads throughout the land. Anti-light, the dimension and dimensional darkness from beyond the void gate, threatens to swallow use all. Join anthropologist Alexia Crow in this introspective and insightful puzzle adventure. While traveling deep in a forest, she becomes trapped in a mysterious cave and soon finds out she's not alone. What if you woke-up from a nightmare, only to find yourself in another? House of Nightmares does just that! Transmissions : Element 120 is a short single player experience set in the Half-Life Universe featuring a unique gravity defying weapon that allows you to jump buildings and sustain large falls. The story takes place at a mysterious date   location. Organ Biker is a modern retro arcade style motorcycle action and internal organ delivery game for PC! Dr. Perrywinkle Hayfeather II  has put out the call for the quickest and most courageous ORGAN BIKER around and the job pays well, VERY well. The more we begin to understand about our universe, the more deadly it becomes. Jump/Boxer is a pseudo 8-bit action platformer with fighting game elements. As a young martial artist named Dag, players will make their way through each level using parkour-like abilities to overcome the various platforming challenges as well as engaging in combat with mechanics similar to those found in fighting games. The Way of the Pixelated Fist is a parkour and martial arts inspired free-roaming cinematic platformer. While it blends together the gameplay concepts of The Prince of Persia and Karateka, they are presented with refined controls and other modern innovations to give the game an intuitive and fluid feel. Players play as Dag in this successor to Jump/Boxer as he looks to complete the trials within the 36 Chambers scattered throughout a village hidden within a city's rooftops. How to Take Off Your Mask  is a cute fantasy visual novel with one romancable guy. Lilia is just an ordinary girl who works in a bakery. Just as the normal edition, the  Deluxe Edition  includes the game in its current Early Access version and all future updates up to and including the full game release. Additionally, all buyers will receive the complete Battle Brothers soundtrack as a digital download once it is finished and released. Drop in to the world of two friendly beetles: relaxed Spoko and angry friend Poko. They need your help to transport a ball to their cottage. Are you ready to help them? Apollo4x is a game of transporting 5 resources between planets, and you have limited fuel to do so. It's a bit puzzle, a bit resource management, and some tycoon strategy. There are no build queues, and you are having meaningful interaction with your economy every single turn. Everything is Black and White features an overly long name, as well as over 30 levels to explore and utilize the unique shifting mechanic. With a press of a button the background will instantly shift between black and white, providing new objects to interact with and obstacles to avoid. Platfinity, fast   easy game creation! Create your own platform games, quick   easy! Move to play, click to edit. Were hoping to add more languages and if you are eager to help with translating, please let me know on matt [@]  hacknet-os.com! Emperor Hadrian announces a major festival to celebrate his first ten years as Roman emperor. Upheaval and chaos approaches the ancient Empire of the Raven. In the world of Eclisse, the ruling Empire of Estellion is besieged by a scourge of embittered zealots from the swamp nation of Kaysan, erased from history by the Empires hubris. As the Empire struggles against nigh-endless invaders and ruthless political machinations, its heroes must fight to restore the banners of the raven Or fall to the Scourge of Estellion. quadrant  is a difficult rhythm game with trippy animations that get more and more  intense, the better you play. Each level is a dynamic visual interpretation of the song, providing a  synesthetic  experience. The game places a lot of stress on the player, learning to cope with it is vital for success. Flip is a a puzzle game for your eyes and your brain. It has a simple and easy to understand mechanic, but the possible combinations on each puzzle will require deep thinking to solve them in the minimum number of moves. Play just to chill out or to exercise your brain. Set during what the historian Antony Beevor called  Hitler's Last Gamble, Battle of the Bulge provides an immersive experience on a tactical/operational level, putting the player in command of the Allies or the German forces fighting each other in several scenarios in one of the most brutal and wild environments of Western Europe: the snow-covered forest of the Ardennes! Command infantry, mechanized and armoured units in hard fights through the various phases of the offensive, taking into account the nature of the terrain and its effects on the assailants and defenders. You don't only have to face a direct military confrontation, you have to learn how to manage your supply routes, being careful not to rely on easy solutions! Beeswing is a game set in a small village in rural Scotland, the village I grew up in, home. Visit the places and people who shaped a life and discover their stories. Represented in hand painted, water colour graphics with a unique, acoustic soundtrack. Youre part of the Division, an autonomous unit of tactical agents trained to operate independently. Your mission: protect what remains and restore hope. WarBirds 2016  availability begins September 28th, 2015! This update to the  world famous  WarBirds,  Combat Flight Simulation,  in its 20th year, has 4 new aircraft, 10 new terrains and new flight models for 22 aircraft. The online version of WarBirds now has the S3 Historical Events beginning on Sept 13th and going through June 2016, new Combined Arms arenas, and a new Advanced Flight Model Arena for veteran pilots. About the Game Drop in to Olliwood and prepare for finger-flippin mayhem in this follow up to cult skateboarding smash OlliOlli. The iconic skater is going all green-screen with a stunning new look, plucking you from the street and dropping you squarely in the middle of the big screens most bodacious cinematic locations. Blender is a free and open source 3D creation suite. It supports the entirety of the 3D pipelinemodeling, rigging, animation, simulation, rendering, compositing and motion tracking, even video editing and game creation. Advanced users employ Blenders API for Python scripting to customize the application and write specialized tools; often these are included in Blenders future releases. The most explosive competitive arena game of the year has arrived on Steam! Battle it out in this heavily skilled-reliant bomb bonanza, controlling one of eight unique characters, each possessing their own deadly skillset that adds speed and tactical depth to the oldschool gameplay. The sacred mushroom of Phungoria has been stolen, Grandpa Goodmate is going to be executed and things ain't looking too good. Now it's up to YOU... catch the thief, recover the mushroom and save Grandpa... all by the end of the week. So hurry Gilbert, time is running out... Oh, and do try to keep your hands off the Princess! Experience the passion of rugby in the official 2015 Rugby World Cup video game. Choose among the 20 teams in the World Cup and take part in the most prestigious competition in rugby. Rewrite history with your favourite team by taking it from the pool stage all the way to the final, or by creating your own customized tournament. Welcome to an 80s neon future inspired first-person cyber shooter. The year is 2024 and you are Commander James Moses, a Space Ranger. The community is busy creating new missions, which have been curated to offer their own challenges. Volume  will evolve, warp and grow as players make their mark. Looking to work from THE SKY? Digital Deluxe Edition  The Digital Deluxe Edition includes the FLYING TIGERS: SHADOWS OVER CHINA OFFICIAL SOUNDTRACK as well as the PARADISE ISLAND DLC that introduces exclusive map Phi Phi Island, plus two amphibious fighter aircraft: the Japanese A6M2-N  Rufe  and the U.S. Navy Seahawk SC-1. Greenlight  After lurking in the unchartered clouds of Steam Greenlight for a mere thirteen days, on April 13th 2015   FLYING TIGERS: SHADOWS OVER CHINA   got Greenlit! Thanks to yall, appreciate the support. Company of Heroes 2: The British Forces is the new standalone multiplayer release in this esteemed World War II RTS franchise. It is the perfect entry point into the vibrant Company of Heroes 2 community. By buying The British Forces, players who do not yet own any COH2 product can access all existing Company of Heroes 2 maps in auto-match, and play against all other existing factions in multiplayer or through skirmishes against the AI. Tonight is the Rite of Starchasing, a ceremony handed down in the village. Kineto was chosen as the priestess by pure coincidence. She is dressed in the priestess's clothing, and at the end of the ceremony, she recites the names of the stars. You don't need to have played the first Spaceman Sparkles game  I'm pretty much just counting so I'll reach Sparkles 64 one day! Spaceman Sparkles 2 is a frantic and groovy bullet-hell that takes place in a thumpin' disco universe. Calm your nerves with the sick beats by  Aeroloid   Below Kryll is a huge world filled with crazy adventures! Grow stronger and learn new abilities the deeper you explore, while encountering all kinds of creations, from elaborate stories, puzzles, action, amazing pixelart, musical compositions, and tons of creativity - You can find literally  hundreds of hours of quality gameplay  already, with more adventures being created by the day. After a concerning message left on Rob's answer-phone from his panicked-sounding twin, Nick, he rushes to his brother's office to try and find a hidden mask. The new Action Cards significantly improve the gameplay and add a new layer of depth to the game. There are 29 new cards for Germany and 32 for the US, all of them tested and balanced through months of beta testing. Explore the depths of Pixel Dungeon, collect useful items and fight fierce monsters to find the Amulet of Yendor  - the ultimate artefact of this game world! Stoorm is a skill arcade game. Although the reflex is your main asset to overcome all levels, you will sometimes need to take back your breath, and a minimal analyze of the map, to escape without dying too often. The purpose of the game is to move your cube through the rooms to finally leave the complex or... you 'll see. It offers the latest in vehicle and race customization, great graphics, outstanding multiplayer and the height of racing realism. rFactor 2 features mixed class road racing with ultra realistic dynamics, an immersive sound environment and stunning graphics. Rogue System's goal is to depict the possibilities of space exploration and combat within a realistic environment--choosing not to ignore the  science  in science-fiction. Key features do/will include proper orbital mechanics for all objects in space; detailed ship system control, functionality, inter-dependency and damage reaction; and the ability to move freely from one ship to another, EVA, and effect repairs while in flight. Rogue Systems Core Module  will be a complete campaign-driven sim on its own. The aim of the game is very simple; SURVIVE! Try and survive for as long as you can, the longer you are alive the harder everything gets. New enemies will start spawning, different bosses will spawn, and the older enemies will start getting a little more aggressive. Iggys Egg Adventure is a prehistoric platformer 75 million years in the making. You play as Iggy, a baby Velociraptor who must rescue his mother from her evil caveman captors, while collecting as many of her eggs as you can along the way. Iggys Egg Adventure has a classic platform feel with stylized 3D graphics on a modern gaming engine. Star Balls offers unique gameplay, sci-fi, physics tricks and adventure to bring this puzzler to a new dimension. Immerse yourself in the most addictive game available. Launch Orbit through a gigantic spaceship, avoiding black holes, flames, and killer maintenance bots to win your way to freedom! With your surroundings as your weapons your goal is to Survive the nightmarish world and escape from tongue spitting eyeball creatures, horrifiying bosses and hordes of unimaginable abominations! Champions of chaos 2 is an Arena turn based RPG where the player can combine up to 10 different classes in a two man party to fight waves of enemies and gain reputation and allies. The battle system combine elements of Grandia and final fantasy with Marvel vs Capcom special moves. You lead a two character party of ambassadors, warriors of the rebel forces, looking to make an alliance with the free nations of the west in order to have the military power to fight back the advancing dark emperor forces. Meet the disposable heroes... A rag-tag band of nobodies who - quite by accident - represent the kingdom's last hope. With the royal army slain it is they who must venture across the land on a quest to bring back the head of the king's son so that the light might return. If they had a brain cell between them they might actually be dangerous. Enjoy an amazing new TWIST in Tower Defense! You control the layout of the battlefield, and you decide the paths your enemies follow! Build and place powerful turrets to attack invading enemies. Wurm Unlimited is your full standalone version of the fantasy sandbox world Wurm Online, the MMORPG where the players are in charge! Lace up your cleats, and step onto the diamond with the pros of  BASEBALL STARS 2  on Steam! Youll find everything youd expect in a classic game of baseball, but with an arcade feel and intense action that distinguishes it from the pack. Progress through the battlefield, choosing the best routes and strategy! Master your shots, and aim for the magical Twinkle Star! Carp Fishing Simulator is the most advanced, authentic fishing experience on the market. Are you tired of not being able to cast where you want? Tired of having a time limit? Guide an insanely powerful wizard in his hardcore and infinite quest for love   redemption. Deep down under the mountain something has awakened and legions of monsters now pour out in the Kingdom.You are the chosen wizard, protector of the realm, sent to battle them. Combining the beauty of space combat and the depth of team-based gameplay with loads of awesome loot, Dead Star offers a multiplayer twin-stick shooter experience that's easy to pick up and hard to put down. Fight and scavenge your way through online battlefields while earning loot and levels to further customize your experience  including the ability to invade live player matches with a massive warship. This game is all about jumping, pulling and teleporting to reposition a marble. Align the many marbles throughout the game and unlock the ultimate treasure. The rebirth of the classic action FPS / RTS hybrid is here! Experience fast-paced combat and cunning strategic gameplay in glorious Unreal 4 environments. Engage in epic 16v16 front-line combat, or take Command to outplay and outmaneuver your team's way to victory. Pavel Quest is a pixel art, puzzle platformer where you cannot stop running, and you can only turn around by bumping into walls. Breakable walls, fireballs, acid spouts, and spikes are only some of the obstacles in your way. Created by ElevenSeventy, a team of two game lovers, Pavel Quest is the first commercial product released by ElevenSeventy. Ruzar - The Life Stone is a dungeon crawler RPG game in which you play an adventurer who needs to discover the powerful Life Stone. Do you have the skills to survive in the deadliest dungeons of the Mountain of Ruz and recover the legendary artefact? Esenthel Engine is a Next-Gen Computer Game Engine. Esenthel  is a mix of words: Essential and Essence. No need to be an artist. Create nice textures in a few minutes. This software allows you to create textures by combining basic operators. Classic, old-school point and click adventure! With well over a hundred items, 80+ rooms and dozens of characters, you are in for one EPIC adventure! Original soundtrack with 13 beautiful tracks! Fazbear... That name rings a bell. It is minimalist, it is retro, and it is very, very hard. Everything from the visual style to the design of every level has been coded with love, just for you. Withstand is a platform puzzle game with some combat heavy sections and minor adventure and metroidvania elements. Konoci Mineta is an orphan living in a slightly Steampunk-inspired world, populated by honorable shapeshifters, obnoxious elves, and the occasional insane dictator. Use her wind magic as she embarks on an epic quest to get ingredients for a smoothie. You scream over the flapping of bat wings and the buzzing of flies. Bestow double fire rate to your comrade or bastardize your enemy with reverse controls! Broken Bots is arcade style multiplayer robot warfare where players dish out power-ups to teammates   glitches to foes. Customize weapons, passives,   skills then battle it out in Capture The Flag, Team Deathmatch,   King Of The Hill! After a rough landing on hostile territory, you find yourself in the midst of a power struggle between several kingdoms. Chado might be able to resolve this situation thanks to  Shiness, a magical spirit that only he can see. Author Rustichello da Pisa shared his cell with a Venetian captain who spoke of a thousand and one fabulous lands. As a writer, Rustichello could not remain indifferent to the snippets of fabulous stories told by his new friend. The Ultimate Pool   Snooker Experience! Cue Club 2 uses the latest technology to create the most exciting and realistic billiards simulator. Experience pool and snooker like never before, thanks to the stunning HD graphics, fantastic playability and ultra realistic ball physics. Breakout Invaders  is a fun fusion between two classic game genres:  Breakout  and  Space Invaders. Play through 100 variety levels, with a lot of original game styles. Defeat the space invasion destroying enemies and blocks structures like castles, temples, towers, cities, cemeteries, cathedrals,... You can customize and improve your ships, collect the enhancers items, fight again final bosses and much more. The world's cutest creatures arrived...and want to play! In Adorables you can play with 3 fully customizable cute characters in 6 different game types. Play against your friends, collect coins, customize your characters and win the Tournament or the World Tour modes. Special Offer   All owners of  Magical Eyes - Red is for Anguish  will receive a digital copy of the official artbook for free. About the Game In the middle of the night on a certain day of April 201X, the left arm of the owner of a general store is chopped off in the backyard of his own store. Even though he claims that the perpetrator is a 'doll' that was kept in the store, his words carry little weight due to the lack of other witnesses. Mainland  is a free text adventure game about an explorer in the 19th century whose captain and crew have been killed by plague. The game focuses on unconventional story and atmosphere rather than hardcore puzzles, and features gameplay similar to classic adventure games. Dungeon Hero is a classic style Dungeon Crawler with a Casual/Cartoony twist. Compared to others, Dungeon Hero is more on a Cartoony/Casual side. In the latest episode of the Zombies experience, the Origins characters head to 'Zetsubou No Shima', a tropical island where experiments with Element 115 have created horrors beyond belief. Battle your way through four stunning Black Ops III Multiplayer environments:  Spire,  Knockout,  Verge  and  Rift. They can fly, land, fire weapons and make special attacks, each insect is a different character with a specific weapon, special attack and specific role. The player fights other insects in closed battlefields, like a human's house. Survival, horror at the sunless depths of the Pacific Ocean. Stranded on the seafloor with low light and few tools, an industrial diver takes desperate steps to surface before his oxygen  and sanity  give out. This zombie shooter.You have to kill zombies. The game features multiple levels where you have to kill the zombies and save civilians.Move to be in the dark. Look for a safe way and do not rush.The game has several types of weapons that will help get to the end. But when your jump-drive malfunctions, you and a mismatched crew along for the ride find yourselves trapped and alone on the wrong side of the galaxy. Now, the only way back home... is through. Survive at this severe place, fighting against creatures and solving problems, now you need to place the order. Space Hooligans have escaped custody and are wreaking havoc all over Planet Land! With the help of Corporal Gendarmor and her trusty Pellet Gun, there's nothing she can't handle. Puzzle Station offers two game modes: Arcade and Puzzle. In the Puzzle Mode you are given a limited amount of drops and your goal is to clear the playfield before you run out of moves. Just Updated    Version 1.2 introduces a brand new scoring system and features new special abilities. Save up on extra-lives in the Bank of Hearts and reap the rewards such as auto-flagging or securely opening tiles. Players who pride themselves in good memory and fast sweeping skills get the points they deserve and new challenges they seek. Vernon's Legacy is an horror adventure with an enigmatic story that takes place nearly a century ago. You learned of the sudden death of your uncle two days ago. When you reach the estate of your deceased relative, you find it deserted. No One But You is a Visual Novel/Dating Sim about Hideaki, a high school student who has just returned to his hometown, Okutama. Upon returning, Hideaki re-discovers a town he knew from childhood, meeting new friends and reuniting with those he had long forgotten. He resumes his high school life in the big city, quickly adapting to the change in pace, and before he knows it, Hideaki begins to think of this city as his home once more. Jump in to a party-style adventure game, bash down monsters within a minute, grab some loot and save the day! Lootfest is an action adventure game, in 3rd or 1st person view. Random generated voxel world with a fantasy setting. When side effects, contact your doctor or pharmacist! Vindicator: Uprising is a platform shoot 'em up with pixel graphics and an epic soundtrack. Shoot your way through nine hardcore action levels with fast, responsive gameplay and unique challenging levels. The game has specially written orchestral music for each level. Helena The 3rd is a unique spin on the classic metroidvania style of game. While piloting a jumping tank, switch between 2D, 3D, and First Person perspectives as you search for upgrades for your combat vehicle. Blast your way through a series of interconnected, non-linear worlds, each with its own theme. Take the nanosword, awaken sleeping evil and quell the nightmare before it happens. You play the role of protagonist and accidental hero, Roq Epimetheos. You are just another face trying to survive the aftermath of a terrible event which shook the world. With your father you have made the Hub your home, an underground shelter that protects what's left of civilization from the horrors that roam the ruins above. Soon you will be tested, soon you will have to leave your home and enter the wastes! It seemed like the start of something new. You are a senior in high school along with your two best friends, Naomi Patterson and Suzu Cappini. Looking for an easy game where you can sit back, relax, shoot butterflies and grant wishes? Then Wish Project is the game for you! Sure, the butterflies shoot back at you, but their bullets don't even move all that fast. He orders all his confidants to his court. The thriving meadows, once reclaimed from the desert, are now threatened by desiccation. The story takes place in Northern City States, in a post-apocalyptic steampunk setting, roughly 10000 years from our current day and age, where 21st Century has not only passed from history to legend, but also from legend into myth. You are an Associate of the Inventors Guild, a freelancer/adventurer, dropped on an island in the Atlantic Ocean on a routine maintenance job. Dwarven Brawl Bros is a local  2 to 6 player  2D fighting  party game with a retroish feel. Play as a dwarf and kill your bros! Angels Fall First is a first person combined-arms sci-fi wargame. Diverse combat opportunities - assume point to clear a building, hunt with a frigate wolfpack as a lineship captain, issue orders from the bridge of your battleship. Pixel Star embodies arcade philosophy; brutally challenging, fun and rewarding. With a focus on progressively intense fast-paced action, player freedom, and solid gameplay, Pixel Star reimagines the shoot-em-up genre. From black holes to space centipedes, nebula storms to stray satellites, there is always something new to discover. This anonymous commander doesn't have much time to live;   in 96 hours , a contagious nano-borne pathogen will spread through the commanders brain, becoming part of the Viral Legion. Demon Hearts is a 2D platformer game that will leave you feeling blood thirsty for victory every time you play! Take the winged and dangerously swift Vampiress Snow, through many challenging silhouette environments while withstanding the many divergent demons, evil forces, and bosses you will stumble across. Be vigilant to your surroundings as you traverse through many puzzling levels and transform into invincible blood sucking bats to battle your way through each checkpoint! Played best with a friend and two gamepads, you can also play single player or with a keyboard! Unleash your engineering creativity with an engaging and fresh  bridge-building  simulator with all the bells and whistles. Enjoy hours of physics-based puzzle solving in the   Campaign  and then jump in the  Sandbox  to create your own bridge designs and puzzles. Challenge friends and the rest of the Steam Workshop community to solve your puzzles and  download more levels  submitted by other players. Set in a huge open world,   Dragons Dogma: Dark Arisen   presents a rewarding action combat experience. Players embark on an epic adventure in a rich, living world with three AI companions, known as Pawns. These partners fight independently, demonstrating prowess and ability that they have developed based on traits learned from each player. Rugby League Team Manager 2015 puts you, the player, in the heart of the action, of managing your own Rugby League club. The season is long, and the challenges aplenty, as you navigate your way through domestic campaigns and international competitions, within officially licensed leagues, in both the Northern and Southern hemispheres, with over 7000 senior players to choose from! Do you have what it takes to steer your team over the line to victory? oO  is a hardcore minimal  dodge-em-up / runner  arcade game. You can try it by playing an earlier version on Kongregate for free. This one has updated graphics, better performance, bug fixes. You are in charge of commanding your crew in battles, managing your resources, improving your Dozer, interacting with various characters, and protecting your passengers while navigating through the post-apocalyptic wasteland. UfoPilot : Astro-Creeps Elite  puts you at the controls of a nimble Vector-class starfighter in an epic mission to rid the galaxy of the pesky Astro-Creeps. This game is a revival of the classic Asteroids-style gameplay, with a twist. You control a small ship that must destroy entire fields of asteroids, but inside these space rocks live the evil Astro-Creeps. Use your controller even when you're not in-game or in Big Picture. Never leave the couch when using a controller with PC. Control mouse, keyboard and media player. Real cars, real tracks. All the major religions were wrong! Special Offer  For the official launch on Steam Aero's Quest has been  upgraded  with 13 special Achievements and Leaderboards support. Only for limited time the game is sold with 25% of discount! About the Game  Lead Aero in his quest to save his beloved Ariella from the evil Andraus. As Barry the miner, scurry around the mines collecting diamonds before the ghosts can capture you. Life is hard as a miner; you have to get up early every day, get down underground and harvest gems by digging them out of the ground. It is tough, dirty work with little appreciation. Decromancer is a unique tactical card battle game that focuses on a huge, story-based single-player campaign. Battles are fought by placing cards on a grid and attempting to deal enough damage to your opponent's empty slots. With each card having unique attack patterns and special abilities, the tactical possibilities are endless! Do you dream of flying without restrictions, getting as close as possible to mother nature? If yes, then 3D Paraglider is for you. Experience Paragliding realism like no other, hanging from just a few nylon strings, feeling the wind rush past you as you climp up high, experience almost real paragliding, look for thermals, stay in those to gain altitude, stay in the air and stay afloat for as long as possible, discovering all areas of the huge virtual maps of beautiful scenery, all over the world. Everyone you knew, all you have loved are gone and the world is literally shattering at your feet. Take on the role of the last dreamer, imbued with the ability to commune with nature on a magical level, for it is up to you to quickly traverse what is left of your world in search of the mystical Almightree and its seedlings. Aurion is an epic action RPG set in a wonderful African Fantasy world with a unique, open and dynamic fighting gameplay. Enzo Kori-Odan, the prince of Zama is a victim of a coup d'etat orchestrated by his brother in-law on the day of his coronation and wedding with Erine Evou. The royal couple is then exiled and decides to go around the world in search of allies. It's a platformer about magic and whacking things! Rising Angels: Hope is the story of Faye Moonfallow, her squad of somewhat lovable misfits, and their dreams of joining the Katajion Space Force. However, before they can get there, they have to first pass the rigors of the Space Sector Academy. Life is rough, non-stop, and the danger of getting the boot is ever-present. From the creator of Spice and Wolf, Isuna Hasekura, comes World End Economica. Haru woke up with his life but without his dream. 4 years after the incident, he finds a new cause, as a driven young lady offers him a chance to return to investing and to find justice. The first full release from digital design practice Studio Monolith, Polyball is an experiment in low-poly visuals and open-ended game design. Close Combat: Panthers in the Fog details the desperate German counter-attack at Mortain, the last chance of the Wehrmacht to stave off defeat in Normandy. Can you match the tenacity of the American defenders of Hill 314? Or can you succeed where the Panzers failed, driving through to the sea and changing history? In Kingdom, each coin spent can tip the balance between prosperity and decay. Travel to the cloud land of Asteria, home of the mighty titans, and all types of magical creatures. Its here where Argo and his dragon Golagros must go to restore the life of a fallen princess. With the help of the inhabitants, you must face the Fallen Titans and avoid the Judges, a shadow race, who watch over all of Asteria. Visibility is a platformer with a unique twist. It is  completely  dark. That is until you place your lights, of course. Marble Muse is an indie physics based game, where you tilt the environment using gravity to navigate a marble through increasingly mind bending courses. Enter the inventor's workshop with many elaborate levels to master and many hidden secrets to discover. Test all his inventions, starting with proof of concept and ending with the finished product. This retro-inspired 2D  Action RPG  might outright surprise you. CrossCode combines 16-bit SNES-style graphics with butter-smooth physics, a fast-paced combat system, and engaging puzzle mechanics, served with a gripping sci-fi story. CrossCode is all about  how it plays! As Ted, a responsible citizen and a family man, you are faced with a slight disturbance to your happy, suburban lifestyle. With only 60 seconds left to impact, guide Ted in a mad, intense and action packed dash through his house in search of his family and useful supplies. It stars Viva Seifert, actress and one half of the band Joe Gideon and the Shark. Where cultists crawl, where demons dwell, where the occult occults? *ahem* That's where youll find Detective Francis McQueen, the sole member of the criminally underfunded Darkside Division. When evil darkens the doorsteps of Twin Lakes City  hell, even when it just loiters around shop fronts or hangs out in shady alleyways  hes there, ready to investigate the cases that nobody else will. Through the Woods is a third-person Norse horror adventure set in a forest on the western shore of Norway about a mother and her missing son. Through reactive narration, you play the mothers re-telling of the events surrounding her son's disappearance in a setting heavily inspired by Norse mythology and Norwegian folk tales. With Through the Woods, Antagonist have captured the feeling of the forest as they saw it as children, with all the frightening and mysterious feelings of roaming the woods alone. In Press   Rememoried doesnt look like any game weve seen before. GeoVox instantly creates lush AAA quality environments at the start of the application. Designed with intuitive game like controls it allows users to test for level playability as they are creating. Gold Edition  The Gold Edition includes theStandard Editionandthe Season Pass. Game producer Nekki, creator of hits like Shadow Fight 2 and Vector, presents you Beat Da Beat - a nail-biting action game to the rhythms of Dubstep tracks! Everything that happens on the screen - movement, actions, shootings - are based on the musical composition. Can you imagine anything more awesome than dodging a rain of enemy bullets to a mighty Dubstep beat, turning the alien enemies into atoms, while dancing happily to this? In this first installment The Adventure Begins the player is thrown headfirst into a haunting world set in 1939 Germany in search of a mysterious girl with bunny ears. Clues as to who she is and what happened to her are scattered throughout the game in the form of drawings left in post boxes and shards that the player must piece together. However the player is not alone on this adventure, help comes in the form of the girls magical bunny, Otto. From the creators of Ultima Underworld I   II and System Shock. Lead an elite fighting team battling for freedom from the sinister forces of the Earth Hegemony. Engage in combat on the bloody battlefields of four unique worlds. Delve into a strange cave with a seemingly endless supply of treasure, strategically choosing your battles to gather as much treasure as possible! Find rare artifacts and traverse the skill tree to become your choice of a mage, warrior, alchemist, or a mix of skills. Craft potions or enchant your equipment with ingredients, and discover secret areas! Timespinner is a 2D Metroidvania about Lunais, a young woman who is stranded on a foreign world after the evil Lachiem Empire eradicated her clan. With the Timespinner destroyed and having no hope of returning to the past or her home world, she vows to get revenge on the Emperor himself. Explore a vast connected world with beautifully drawn pixel art environments. At the bottom of an old ruin, a young girl named Mion awakens with no memory of how she arrived at this dreadful place. Guided by two fireflies, Mion must solve puzzles, outwit monsters, and avoid traps to escape the darkness! In htoL#NiQ: The Firefly Diary, you will guide Mion's escape from her dark confines by controlling two firefliesLumen and Umbra. Trapped in darkness, you must use visualized sound to guide your way through threatening environments. The sounds you create will bounce off obstacles, revealing the shape of the surrounding world. It won't be long before your only way of sensing the world attracts a horrifying evil that devours both sound and souls. Professor Teaches Windows 8.1 is the quickest and easiest way to build your skills and improve your productivity with this new operating system. Unlike previous versions, Windows 8.1 is a completely new operating system and not an update. Professor Teaches provides hands-on training for all of the features of this streamlined interface to connect users with their information and people from multiple Windows 8.1 devices. Three fleets of spaceships flee a doomed Earth carrying the last humans in cryostasis. Pursued by aliens, its up to the lowly security droids to save humanity. Taking up arms solo or with a friend, you must dance with death in a brutal and addictive arcade platformer shooter inspired by Super Crate Box and stuffed to the brim with unlockables. Time compresses in this paradox battle arena. Gameplay consists of short quick paced action rounds. Originally made for 7DRL 2014, Mysterious Space tasks you with delving deep into the ZZ-Omega sector to recover an important piece of information, and to return with that information in one piece. To get there, you'll have to stop at planets along the way to find much-needed fuel. Arm yourself with procedurally-generated weapons, armors, and shields to defeat the enemies that stand in your way. This game creatively asks you to control two people simultaneously. You should make them cooperate with each other to solve many puzzles. Different from the requirements for controlling two people at different times, this game requires you to grasp the movement of two people, which tests computing ability of your brain and coordinate ability of your hands and eyes. Attention  We're currently transitioning to a new engine and have decided to temporarily stop sales in order to not give off the appearance of an abandoned game. Sales will continue after we're done with the transition, which is estimated to finish around the end of August, with current owners of the game being able to test while it isn't yet finished. No Time To Explain, Follow m-OH CHRIST! Chase your future self through time and alternate realities while fighting giant monsters, collecting hats, and eating cake! Award-winning same-screen party racing for up to 16 players! Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat. Connect spare gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers. Nebula Online  - space massive multiplayer online game, in which you can take part in global conflict amontg three races. Create your unique ship, obtain resources, explore space together with your friends. Navigating Erik in his journey from cradle, youth and eventual grave; you experience his journey towards becoming a true Viking within an interactive environment. It is times of change as the old beliefs are challenged by a new God and trade routes mean contact with people from strange lands. President for A Day: Floodings   is a turn-based strategy game where  YOU  become the president of Pakistan. The game kicks off just two weeks before the election. You feel confident that you will be re-elected and have another 5 years as President of Pakistan, but soon problems arise, and you must literally fight for your political life. President for a Day - Corruption   gives you the opportunity to assume the role of an African president. As such, you must make controversial decisions revolving around topics such as: democratic evolution, corruption, development aid- and cooperation. The game provides a solid foundation for discussions regarding e.g., human rights, cultural differences and governance. OreLight, a dungeon crawling, multiplayer RPG with crafting, mining, base building and stabbing. Everything in the world can be dug up, replaced or moved, so building anything from a small hut to an entire town is possible. The world is split into multiple areas; each area has its own procedurally generated world with dungeons, camps, forests, skeletons and a bunch of other OREsome stuff. Well, to sum this mess up, you will make the APOCALYPSE happen by hiting people in the face using your own JOHNSON. Adventure in the Tower of Flight is a retro-styled platformer in which you fly instead of jump! You are Wing, a young adventurer. Wing must climb a seeming endless the tower and collect all five known relics held within to become the ruler of the known world. Garbage Day is an open world sandbox game, in which you are stuck in a time loop . In this game you have to explore and interact to find out how to get out of the time loop. You are open to do anything you want, kill innocent people, go to work, watch tv, go to the park, etc. Friends always manage, because they stick together, no matter what. Five friends are walking through the ancient Castle Balthasar, that is embedded in Europa-Park, one of the largest theme parks in the world. They enjoyed a fabulous day together filled with stunning rollercoaster rides, spectacular shows and lots of fun. Early Access Offer   Stronger, faster and more lethal than mankinds deadliest soldier: Youre a member of Section 9, an elite force of cybernetically enhanced combat operatives responsible for protecting society and fighting terrorists on the neon drenched streets of a futuristic Japan. Society has embraced new technology, leaving themselves vulnerable to malicious super-hackers. Cyber terrorism has evolved and so must you! It is an age of Kung Fu heroes, warriors, and best of all, LEGENDARY LEGENDS! Face-off  alongside or against Po, Tigress, Monkey, Tai Lung, Master Shifu, and all of your favorite Kung Fu Panda characters in the Showdown of Legendary Legends. Up to four players compete in iconic locations throughout the Valley of Peace and beyond. Essentially, Megatect is a multiplayer map builder without limitation! Use a plethora of blocks, objects, and wires to create your own challenge maps, arenas, new sports, whatever you can dream up! Play solo or with friends and share grids online for others to play! Titanic: The Game takes place aboard the R.M.S. Titanic on her fateful maiden voyage across the Atlantic. The players avatar is a young socialite, Margaret Ashley, one of the fortunate unfortunates who sailed on Titanic and survived. Keep arriving and departing airplanes safe from collisions, while avoiding unnecessary delays. In this game you will work at the world's most complex airports. Human pilot voices, a radar screen, 12 different real-world airports, plus an awesome soundtrack make this game a must-have for anyone who likes aviation. Its time to crack a case! Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations is an all-new, story-driven graphic adventure game. On Ludus, ancient terror beasts and humans somehow coexist in perfect harmony. Yet once every few hundred years or so, a predictably unpredictable astrological phenomenon occurs wherein some angry people from the sky arrive from their dimension,  Terra. Whenever they arrive, a fleet of floating islands are brought along and make up the battlefields where the humans and the beasts battle for the amusement of the angry Skygods. Summer break, a time to relax and have fun. But what's the difference between a good summer and a great summer? Battle against rival fantasy armies in this fast paced turn based strategy game. Fight powerful bosses while you hunt for treasure in dungeon mode, play through over one hundred single player missions in campaign mode, or match wits against your friends in multiplayer. Simple one-click per unit control scheme takes minutes to learn, while the in-depth army building and game strategy keeps you coming back for more. Scourge of War: Waterloo follows in the footsteps of its American Civil War predecessors and takes the action to one of the most famous battles in history. It is by far the most detailed game about the final battle of the War of the Seventh Coalition. The game boasts 20 historical scenarios, 3 multiplayer scenarios, unlimited user generated sandbox scenarios, and a sandbox campaign, which adds a campaign layer to the game providing more context for sandbox battles. Let The Cat In is the cute puzzle game about little kittens that you need to help get into the house. The player's task is to arrange all the things and mechanisms inside the house for creating fantastic chain reactions, in order to open the door, let kittens come in and reach their favorite basket. Once the aim is reached, they can finally cuddle and fall asleep. The Ward  is the second installment in the 9 Clues series, in which a young detective and her partner respond to a distress call from a psychiatric hospital on a secluded island. The island is isolated by freezing waters and constant, brutal storms. Upon the detectives arrival, one of the hospitals therapists falls out of the window to his death. Having the highest Earth Similarity Index  it became the destination of numerous scientific expeditions. In time, a base, under the name Muta, was founded on the planets surface, which turned into the largest facility researching Artificial Intelligence. Start with barely a ship, end with an empire. Void Destroyer 2 is currently a work in progress  - with Early Access planned before the 2nd Quarter of 2016 and Release in 2017. Void Destroyer 2 is a space sandbox game set in a desolate asteroid field. Enter a vast chasm between space and time brimming with colossal creatures and runic technologies. Once a decade, the greatest huntsmen in the universe gather to compete in a legendary tournament known as the  Blacksea Odyssey. Steeped in blood, ancient treasures, and a madness that wills them to delve deeper into the black abyss, these huntsman compete for a chance to claim the ultimate glory of facing a creature of such insatiable ferocity and magnanimous size that its wingspan has been said to stretch across galaxies while its breath consumes black holes. The Story Goes On  is an action-packed adventure game set in an endless maze known as the Odyssey. Developed by Scarecrow Arts, The Story Goes On is the teams debut game. With a huge emphasis on community feedback via the Early Access program, the game is shaping into a unique rogue-like experience. Spectra is a dynamic twitch racing game that will keep you on the edge of your seat! Blast your nimble ship down intricate ribbons of light in time to the dynamic beats and original soundtrack by chiptune artist legend   Chipzel   . Be prepared to get your heart pumping as you drift into a trance with just one objective- survive till the music stops! It is definitely, positively and  legally, NOT the game Grand Theft Auto Five. Sure, it's called NotGTAV, but those letters stand for Great Traffic Adventure and the V is silent. Treeker: The Lost Glasses is a first-person adventure game, with puzzle and platform elements. In the game, the player needs to use a pair of glasses in order to see mysterious objects left behind by some sort of ancient civilization. Across the centuries, pirates and treasure hunters mysteriously appear with a pair of uncanny glasses. Become the greatest shaman to ever lob a fireball. Retrace the steps of your Akazi ancestors to prevent your island home of Tanzia from being overrun by an ancient evil. Your elders will guide you, but it is up to you to master your skills and live up to your familys legacy. Holobunnies is a challenging and rewarding side-scrolling adventure game that happens across every corner of the universe. You play as one of the Holobunnies, Danielle the witch, Leenox the hunter, Romo the bard, Mephisto the ninja and Avril the catcher which are hologram brothers and sisters, living together aboard their very own starship. Explore planets, fight with vile and weird creatures, meet with special and peculiar people, collect treasures and collectibles and ultimately; find a new home for you and your hologram buddies. Ever wondered what it would be like if you suddenly got cravings to guzzle delicious brain matter? Ever wanted to cause complete carnage, terrorise the living, control the undead or even form a zombie chicken conga? Well, in Brain Guzzler you get to chow down in 'Chow Town'. we will have hordes of zombies and all kinds of monsters, all created with love pixel art. Riddled Corpses  have 6 stage,very different from each other, as a city or a desert. The DLC trilogy is now available! These DLCs bring new character portraits, new music tracks, new emoticons, new messages and global effects, new themes for player profiles, new lobby icons  and new menu backgrounds. Templar Battleforce  is an addictive mix of strategic combat and army building with the precision gameplay of RPGs. Step into a Leviathan mech and lead the Templar Knights in battle against fierce Xenos. Create your own unique Battleforce by recruiting an array of Templar specialists -- and invent distinct strategies for your fireteams. Part 2 in the Lilly and Sasha series. Zahhak has Sasha's body and is going to use it to claim the powers of the Immortals. Lilly has vowed to stop Zahhak at whatever cost, even if she has to kill her own sister to do it. Scarab Tales  is a casual puzzle game in Egyptian theme. Lead scarabaeus bugs to safety by clicking on them and various level elements. Solve  100 original challenging levels, gain  100 different in-game and 40 Steam achievements  and compete with other players in  crossplatform TOP 10 score chart  and global leaderboards. Wyrmsun is an open-source real-time strategy game which features elements of mythology, history and fiction. In the Wyrmsun universe a myriad of inhabited planets exist. Humans dwell on Earth, while dwarves inhabit Nidavellir and elves nourish the world of Alfheim. Breezeblox is an addictive puzzle game where the objective is to reach the end cube without moving off the platform. Special cubes throughout the puzzles will trigger different actions on the platform to aid you with progressing. With 150 challenging puzzles to complete, your brain will be plenty busy. Choose from 32 team and play in either season mode or quick match against AI or local multiplayer. Sandbox, multiplayer, open world game in a few steps. The game also with several different gameplay modes such as Death Match, Survival Horror, and Zombie Swarm. You can create your world, customize your rules, and enjoy the games with your friends. Take Jethro the Lion on a magical journey, traversing space and time to prevent the imminent collapse of the universe. Oh and your friend Ronald the Bear is missing, maybe you can find him whilst youre out exploring? Discover a huge world and enjoy an adventure that blends together retro platforming fun with a mix of 2D + 3D mechanics and a modern design aesthetic. Painful physics puzzles in a fun way! Nebulous is a physics-based puzzle game where you must help guide Commander Dash Johnson, a trapped astronaut, through maze-like levels, seeking the next wormhole to his eventual freedom. Arrange the pieces of the puzzle so that when he falls, gravity and momentum guide him safely  to the end. Now includes a level generator with a possible 1 BILLION levels. Complete each level by swapping the hexagon pieces until all the lines link up, revealing the final pattern. Front Wars  is a turn-based strategy game. Revive the great battles of the second world war in a tense campaign, or challenge a friend online. The two armies take turns building and commanding units on a grid-based map. Do you love puzzles with dropping, pushing and connecting artifacts ? Can you find all the pieces of this ancient artifact and solve the timeless mystery? Ruzh Delta Z  is a frenzied shoot-em-up which draws inspiration from classics such as  Gradius,  DoDonPachi, and  R-Type. Shoot your way through  perilous stages  and wreck thousands of rogue vessels in your quest to become the ultimate pilot. Play as Therese, who's somehow found herself unable to leave a cathedral that she doesn't remember entering. Things only get stranger when a young boy, Eldin, who Therese has never met claims to know her. Eldin claims that the two of you are sharing a dream-- a dream that neither of you can wake up from. Once sacred, they are now huskshaunted beasts lost to toxic fumes from a great bronze industry. The NBA 2K franchise is back with the most true-to-life NBA experience to date with NBA 2K16. Featuring an all-new MyCAREER experience written, directed and produced by acclaimed filmmaker Spike Lee. Guide your MyPLAYER through the complete NBA journey, take control of an entire NBA franchise, or hone your skills online competing against gamers from around the world. Special Agent Jim Power-The supernatural alien, Vaprak, threatens to defeat our world which is the last planet that stands between him and a dimensional vortex. This vortex leads to a fifth and, up until now, lost dimension. If he succeeds in defeating us, he will destroy our world, opening a gateway for his kind as well as the strange mutating effect that this dimension has on all organic life forms. The girl in a white dress said. Tompi Jones  is a fun old style platform game in 2.5D where you will help Tompi across six worlds: the Aztec Pyramid, the Enchanted Forest, the Kingdom of Arkan, the Mysterious Jungle, the Dark Cemetery and the Fortress of Edom. Tompi can walk, jump, roll on the ground, he can plan with the propeller he has in his hat, throw many types of projectile weapons, defend himself with a shield, fight with a sword, use a jetpack, climb the lianas, cling to ceilings, climb walls and jump between walls. He can also use special items as stop the time, become invisible, super speed, enhance his projectile weapons or use the invulnerability. Its the assembly language programming game you never asked for! The Tessellated Intelligence Systems TIS-100 is a massively parallel computer architecture comprised of non-uniformly interconnected heterogeneous nodes. Climb your way to the top while combining items for unique combat effects each run and enjoy the mix of retro aesthetics and modern effects. In Path to the Sky, you'll play various characters who were stranded on an island in the Indian Ocean during the 17th century. With its own unique battle system and a wide selection of characteristic angels, the girls are appearing on Steam for the first time in [Arcana Heart 3 LOVE MAX!!!!!]!! Discover new meta gameplan as you play! From the basic battle mechanics such as performing  Arcana Combo  with the pressing of the correct buttons in sequence,  Homing Action  and  Arcana Burst, to the more advanced and spectacular  Extend Force,  Arcana Eclipse  and  Arcana Blaze, dozens of ways to decimate your opponent! There is only one way to prevent nuclear Armageddon; enter the dot matrix, collect the codes, and defeat the ASCII army. Play through 85 levels of diverse and ingenious physics-based challenges. If you like Super Monkey Ball, Marble Madness, or Peggle, this one is for you. War on an Epic scale from Moscow to Berlin  this is War in the East! Gary Grigsbys War in the East: The German-Soviet War 1941-1945is the spiritual heir to the great Eastern Front board and computer wargames of the past; a turn-based World War II strategy game down to the division and brigade level, stretching across the entire Eastern Front at a 10 mile per hex scale. Gamers can engage in massive, dramatic campaigns, including intense battles involving thousands of units with realistic and historical terrain, weather, orders of battle, logistics and combat results. Challenge the darkness with your swift orb matching skills, mighty magical enchantments and earthshaking powerups. Match the orbs before they fall into the abyss and find your way through mysterious lands of startling beauty! Create, customise and manage the ideal geek theme park! If you're a geek to the bottom of your BIOS and your pixels simply go OMG! for park creation, then Geek Resort is for you! Color Assembler is an abstract color mixing puzzle game. Connect the starting colors to various shapes that manipulate colors in their unique way. The goal is to create the target color. Gem Wars: Attack of the Jiblets  is a combat party platformer for up to 4 players. It's a local/online party game centered around the concept of  constant one-upmanship. Power-ups include gems that can be picked up to empower your character with a certain element. Come and join Hello Kitty with her best friends in this action-packed Family Racing Party never before available on Steam! Rally, Sail and Fly through 16 exciting new Tours including Hello Kittys Happy Town, Chococats Tropical Island, Little Twin Stars Galaxy and more You can select your type of Car, Boat or Plane and have access to tons of different paint jobs for super fancy custom looks! Pick up power-ups along the way and use them carefully to distract your racing opponents or get an edge on them. To her horror, Sidni learns that Dracula, the most feared vampire of all time is hunting her. It's also one of their most popular games along with  Vagrant Hearts,  Ashes of Immortality  and  Valiant. Note: to toggle between screen modes, press ALT + ENTER. At the forefront of the resistance is Viktor's own brother, Viper. The 6th release of the  Nobunaga's Ambition  historical simulation game series has been reborn at the STEAM store as  NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Tenshouki with Power-up Kit HD Version. Players become the rulers of their clans and aim to unify the country under their leadership. Along with  the incredible graphics, the information screens and command positioning have been optimized for current PCs to increase player control. It does allow for direct control over your units, having indirect orders only for convenience' sake. Craft weapons, raid dungeons for epic loot and mighty spells, brew potions, build or dig fortifications against the computer or your friends. This pack was made to share with a friend, because that's what Holodrive is all about! Note: to toggle between screen modes, press ALT + ENTER. Florensia is a Free-to-Play MMORPG and with its superb 3D anime style the game shows you its legendary worlds ashore and at sea. Mysterious islands, the great ocean, dungeons, picturesque pirates and dangerous monsters are waiting to be discovered. Impulse Revolution is a frantic, physics based racing game with an emphasis on local multiplayer. Race air hockey pucks through a neon-cyber world using a simple, challenging control mechanic. Compete in multiple racing modes and minigames with the ability to add bots to any mode. Have you always dreamed of building your own empire and raking in the big money? The world is changing fast and a second industrial revolution is right around the corner. Economy is changing from an industrial one into a technological-driven one and you can't be left behind. Sketch Tales  is an immersive action-RPG sandbox where what you draw becomes what you play. You appear in a hand-drawn world, wherefrom all the colors had been stolen by a supervillain warlock. About the Game Following a Fatal Exception Error, four little all-purpose robots have been considered faulty and have been marked as out-of-order. They get crazy and start fighting for their survival. The original Indie Cult Classic returns fully restored, and more evocative than ever. Pathologic Classic HD is the Definitive Edition of the original Cult Classic Psychological First-Person Survival game. The game represents a unique and unforgettable experience as it transports players in a weird town which crouches, ominous, in the far reaches of an ancient steppe. Take control of a rogue ship and and wage war against endless waves of foes in TeraBlaster! Featuring classic top-down shooter mechanics and smooth addictive gameplay, TeraBlaster will put your reflexes to the test while you hurl gamma-grenades against your foes. Welcome to Prominence Poker, a game that pits players from around the world against each other--and devious AI--to build the rep, prestige, and bankroll needed to be, and beat, the best of the best. Quadle is ready to puzzle your mind! It's A brand new arcade puzzler from Gamesare Studios, Invoking the memory of classic arcade cabinet games but adding a new twist. Jump on the blocks as the titular character Quadle, changing the block colors till they are red. Be a ninja and go on an action platforming adventure to save the world. Climb walls, slice up bad guys, master tricky platforming sequences and face ruthless bosses. Just Updated    CPUCores works with Intel and AMD processors, including 2/3/4/6 core systems! CPUCores fully supports all launcher-based games including Skyrim, Minecraft, GTA-V, and more! Fully supports Steam-based games as well as non-Steam games and applications! Assign your survivors to tasks, gain experience and develop your survival skills, research and craft new items for the camp, explore the island for resources and solve the mysteries behind an ancient atlantean prophecy. Play with all your favourite teams in Handball 16, THE first handball simulation! Use all the real handball moves and tactics: the spin shot, hip shot, fake, dodge, jump shot... the Game  PolyRace is a fast-paced futuristic racing game with a procedural level generator. Choose between 4 different hovercrafts with each of them having its own physic properties and a unique sci-fi hull. Hordelicious is a semi-hardcore wave based arena shooter. Survive against endless hordes of enemies with over 45 randomly looted weapons and a plethora of items and upgrades to choose from! Six Sides of the World is a puzzle videogame that takes you into an intergalactic journey through different star systems  riddled with brain-racking challenges. Zombie Party is a retro rampage of fun and over-the-top action, while still giving the players a deep and engaging Action-RPG Rogue-like experience! Go on a time traveling adventure, or delve deep into procedural dungeons full of gold, loot, and secrets! Unforgiving boss fights that challenge the players skills and abilities! Digital Deluxe Edition  Game + Soundtrack. About the Game Painters Guild is a management sim where you control an art academy in the Italian Renaissance. Paint artwork as beautiful as the Mona Lisa. After years of waiting, this legendary classic and beloved fan favorite finally comes to Steam! Zanzarah: The Hidden Portal  is the original game from 2002 now for the first time available as a downloadable version here on Steam. Polychromatic is a physics-based arcade shooter with a pop of color. Take on waves of enemies in multiple game modes while competing for a top spot in the leaderboards against your friends or the entire Steam community. With dynamic gameplay, a unique flat geometric art style, and exhilarating soundtrack, Polychromatic is the arcade shooter experience players have been waiting for. Paris is on the brink of yet another revolution, and the prisons are overflowing with guilty and innocent alike. One man stands for justice amid society's chaos. Create and control fiery chain reactions between Rolling Explosive Devices, as  RED Fuse   plunges you into the depths of the planet in search of priceless ores to explode. Combine the forces of gravity, momentum, and the explosive energy of other bombs with tools like ramps, pipes and magnets to guide your bombs through hazardous caverns and into deposits of dazzling gems. Explore undiscovered caves, forgotten temples, underground lakes, and volcanoes as you scorch your way to riches. Plan for the destruction of all things that aren't awesome. Warning: This is a short story meant to be played in a single sitting. Play as a DOG V4 drone, a newly activated maintenance bot who is assisting in the terraforming effort on Mars. After a predictable yet unfortunate accident DOG finds himself uncovering the past of a seemingly barren planet. Dead But Alive is a zombie survival adventure/simulation set in South England. After a lifetime of danger and daring in the remote battlezones of the 21st century, this is the last thing you expected. As an ex-military officer looking to rebuild your relationship with your teenage daughter on simple camping holiday in the rural idyll of southern England, you find yourself in a fight for survival in a world devastated by the undead. It's time for a SECOND Hack Run! Test your skills again as you hack your way through strange and secretive organizations to discover their hidden agendas! Hack Run ZERO uses old school prompts  to help you navigate from system to system. The Arkona are on the attack. With every move they make they change the world; Devouring history as they go. Only the Brandt Foundation can stop them but not everything is as it seems to be. This package includes Society of the Serpent Moon PLUS 3 Additional Last Half Games too! To view our F2P Military Veteran program, please visit our Website  for details. Pilot Crusader is a retro shoot-em-up with a sleek 90's atmosphere, plenty of explosions, a bucketful of nostalgia, and a plethora of bullets. Take control of a powerful spaceship and wage war against alien invaders in Pilot Crusader! This game features classic space shoot-em-up mechanics, smooth, addictive gameplay, and polished visuals. Magical Brickout offers a new twist on the beloved classic Breakout formula. Instead of moving a small paddle back and forth across the screen you are able to rotate the bricks in a circular fashion as you frantically try to keep the ball in the play area. This fast-paced and addictive gameplay is only half of the fun. Note: Macabre has supported full screen mode since day one. It will default into a window that can either be dragged to a size of your choice, or put completely in full screen by pressing ALT+Enter . Police Infinity is a First Person Shooter developed by a small indie developer named 314 Arts. is a 3 stage, arcade-style game based on the earliest arcade platformers. You play as the otter, trying to collect paper airplanes while avoiding the crafty gator and irate bees. Vote Hate FREE Heroes            What makes AoF Chess Club Different? AoF Chess Club can be played through any web browser, PC, phone, tablet or Smart TV. Dungeons are minimalist, graphics are monochrome. Random battles are no more, bosses are numerous. The Last Warlock is a turn based strategy and role-playing game. Command your Warlock across a series of hand-crafted quests, encountering monsters, traps, puzzles and enemy Warlocks! - Journey through varied magical lands on your quest to discover the secret of the last warlock. The last king was killed over 400 years ago and the global rule of the land ceased to exist. Slowly over the years the law and order started to subside, people began to divide amongst themselves, big cities were gradually gone and replaced with smaller settlements, and the whole land started to slowly degrade. Many believe its because the Angelkind have abandoned it. Guardians of Victoria is a running game with multiple twists, taking conventional running gameplay and creating something unique! Testing your reactions, planning, and timing in an action-packed multi-tasking race to the end without being caught by Jack the Ripper. Play as the Guardians as they fight their way through the Steampunk city in the clouds, collecting items and defeating the allies of the ever-chasing destroyer- Jack the Ripper. Space - The Return Of The Pixxelfrazzer is an open-world sci-fi hack'n'slash. Your aim is to explore the inexhaustible amounts of destructible asteroid fields, spacestations and unknown planets of the universe. And by exploring I mean hacking, slashing and destroying everything that comes into your way. DvDrum is Quality, Customizable Drum Simulator. It Allows to Play in Jam Session Mode a Virtual Drum with Keyboard, MIDI Controller, Joystick,  Guitar Hero and Rock Band Drumkits and USB Pedals, in Realistic Mode for a Real Drummer Experience! With External Scripts is Possible to Transform DvDrum into a Drum Machine! Stranded In Time  takes you on a fun and exciting adventure to explore a mystery out of this world! What seems to be a little weekend adventure with your old eccentric uncle turns into a fantastic journey through space and time. Play as Olivia - a young woman from a big city - who joins her uncle Peter and writer Nick exploring an old abandoned church in the woods that hides a secret beyond any wild dream! Demons Revenge is an episodic RPG set in a Sci-Fi fantasy world. You begin your journey on the planet Hasphal, where prejudice seems to have torn the world apart since the beginning of time. Humans have proclaimed jehts, the native beings of Hasphal, disfigured, dangerous and unworthy of living on the same planet. Randy Crow was an ordinary guy living an ordinary life. Nice family, 2 brothers, a dog... But then one night he went to the gas station to buy cigarettes and witnessed a brutal murder of a station cashier. You can use the summon skills and flying mode to explore the world. Ninjahtic is an action/adventure platformer with elements of puzzle-solving and stealth. While it's progression is linear, the open-ended nature of every level requires exploration of an abandoned civilization located atop floating islands. Usage of the environment also plays a key role when solving puzzles and dispatching enemy robots throughout. Many will enter, one will win. It has taken a few millennia for the art of the arena to be perfected, but we've finally done it. Ultimate Arena puts you in charge of the greatest battle royale, the one that you pick who fights and the conditions they fight under. The art has disappeared from the gallery! Can you  paint it back? Recreate lost works of pixel art by using brainpower. was a contest entry done for Encounters of Boss Kind. Since it actually placed 3rd of 28 entries, I went ahead and improved the game with improved graphics and more depth involving battle system before release to general public. Get behind the wheel of a super powerful jet vehicle and blast off! Try your abilities in an incredibly difficult and extreme simulator. We challenge you to tame your jet monster! Imagine you're 8 years old and you have a little sister who's 6. You wake up one morning to discover your bedroom has been transported to a strange world. Odd looking plants have grown through the floor while you slept and an unsettling fog surrounds you. Stray Cat Crossing  is an indie pixel horror game developed in RPG Maker. Play as one of many clones condemned to fight each other in perpetuity for the amusement of the robot lord, King Mechanicus. Deadweight is an arena survival shooter in which you must shoot through waves of countless enemies with the help of well placed turrets and explosive barrels. Test your reflexes AND wits as you push yourself to the edge of your twitch shooting limits. Super Trench Attack 2 is a survival turn-based squad game set in a fictional world war setting. You are Ada Frost, a lieutenant of the blue army. You find yourself deep behind enemy lines, with the stolen black army plans in your hands, you can end the war. These small short games attempt to expand eroticism in games beyond a cutscene and fade-to-black. What if sex in games was something we performed as players, instead of something we obtained? Embark on your greatest adventure to Planet Centauri! Discover new biomes, explore hidden dungeons, capture and tame monsters, build and protect a NPC community, craft your own weapons and create your own magic spells! Save and protect the native Chlorinian species from the evil Night Walkers! Join General Alexander, loyal follower of Abe Lincoln, for a Civil War reenactment. Search original battlefields for clues and letters left by members of a secret society. These individuals hid millions of dollars in gold, cash, and coin. Weapons Genius is a Simulator of building Weapons! In Weapons Genius you can build your own Weapon! You can build A big and powerfull gun, or you can build a small but rapid gun, or you can build a gun with high accuracy! Bob's journey takes place, in a lot of new places where every place has it own atmosphere, creatures and people that he never met before. They help Bob to find his friend in exchange for favors in during the exploration and they give him a lot of information about the people who never returned to the village. Buff Knight Advanced is a 2D Pixel RPG where youre constantly on the move. Kill the invading monsters with your sword or by timing your use of spells carefully! As you progress the game becomes more intense with stronger and uglier monsters! Smooth gameplay, outstanding audio and visuals all designed to keep you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole experience. The game is dedicated to all railroad and modelling lovers. Easy to use interface makes the game widely accessible to all the railroad lovers and trainspotters. The player has to complete tasks connected with train service - either passenger and freight ones. The craziest races are now on your hand with MiniDrivers! The animated serie which is loved by millions of people around the world has a new main character: You! Create your own stores or change the rules becoming World Champion. Astro Lords: Oort Cloud is winner by Indie Game Cup 2015 in  Best Art  category. Each player begins the game as an Astro Lord on their asteroid base. This base enables players to extract minerals and build factories, which will be used to produce ammunition and spare parts for their space ships. Powered by Unreal Engine technology, the modern and masterful side-scroller Shadow Complex became an instant classic when initially released in 2009, exclusively for Xbox 360. The fan favorite won more than 50 Game of the Year and Editors Choice Awards and was one of the most popular console games of the year. Shadow Complex Remastered features all the great content from the original game updated with exciting new enhancements and achievements to support its debut on Steam. The Empty Inn is a 2D, exploration game with 8-bit, NES-style, pixel art and puzzle gameplay. With only a small lamp in hand, the player is required to solve puzzles and explore the vacant inn, ensuring they keep their lamp lit along the way. If your light goes out then the monster will show its face and Im not just talking about the monster whos watching you. Journey on an epic quest with Lethal and his elite party of warriors through a huge fantasy land. Play as Lethal and his companions in exciting turn based battles against a variety of fantasy creatures. 8 playable characters, all with unique abilities, armor and weapons. Wage high speed war in Iran and Afghanistan as you fight to infiltrate and destroy an Iranian nuclear missile base. Your job - take'm down, hard. Shooting down alien invaders never felt so good! In Cosmic Rocket Defender, use your rocket launcher to dodge bombardments from swarms of attackers, while blasting them out of the sky as they swoop down, strafe and attempt to dive bomb you out of existence. Hit 'em with your arsenal of rockets. Galactic Conquerors is a simultaneous turn-based sci-fi strategy game with tactical gameplay and fast  paced, action filled battles. You need to fight to control planets and resources by mastering different kinds of commanders, units and their skills in multiple on-going battles in order to overcome your enemies. Orbiting planets and other objects create an ever changing playground for epic and massive battles up to eigth players. The goal of Wave Mechanics is to match the color of each element to the colors of corresponding parts of the frame. Each puzzle includes a set of active elements that can by used in order to change the colors of all elements within range in chosen direction, bear in mind however that the range of an active element decreases after each use. Battle for the Sun  is an action-packed, first-person shooter documenting the realities of war seen through the eyes of a special forces soldier in a world under alien attack. We find ourselves abruptly thrown into an adventure as a talented soldier carrying out his duty in this epic war. The object of each level is to defeat all of the enemies in the room  and reach the goal. The authority in WWE video games returns with WWE 2K16! The newest addition to the flagship WWE video game franchise will deliver fun, authentic and hard-hitting action, including returning fan-favorite features and game modes, new innovations and more! Play as the greatest WWE Superstars, Divas and Legends of all time. Collect gold, upgrade your Click Pistol   hire a team of elite sharp-shoooters to help with defeating the enemies in this clicker idle game. Experience the story of a small group of German soldiers sent to a small town to investigate strange activities. The task was supposed to be fast and easy. Tachyon Project  is a dual stick shooter heavily inspired by classic shoot'em ups. Weve combined many unique enemy types, a large variety of weapons and power-ups with innovative gameplay to ensure a long lasting challenge and discovery at every new level. In  Tachyon Project  you take control of  Ada, a software program that has taken conscience and that was designed to hack into the most secure servers on Earth. Behold the sacred sand where blood is spilt and fortunes are made. Tis not a place for the meek, so abandon all thought of tomorrow and bolster your courage. Golden Rush is a rather unusual fantasy MOBA for four teams. Here you can become one of the legendary heroes fighting against monsters, dragons, and other adventurers for the treasures of the Golden Lands. There are no lines or creeps and nexus here. on Steam and developed by Overcloud9. Mysterious murders are taking place in various kingdoms. Based on John Gibson's board game, Infection: Humanity's Last Gasp puts you in charge the Department of Plague Control  field office in New York City. You make the decisions about what parts of the virus to study, which personnel to hire, and what equipment to purchase. Youll soon discover you are working with an eccentric group of scientists who dont always work well together  and one very resourceful lab rat named Marvin. Russian Front is an operational-level wargame in which you battle for the Russian Front - the pivotal moment in World War 2. Experience grand strategy across the entire theatre of the Eastern Front; the military conflict that many consider to be the iconic attacker/defender scenario. Command massive armies at your fingertips, in this fully 3D turn-based simulation of one of the largest military campaigns in history, playable as both Germans and Russians. One guniea pig alone in the vastness of space, fighting an empire of evil Rhinos. Sure, that's pretty unfair...the Rhinos don't stand a chance! Proto Raider  is a single screen auto-running puzzle platformer covered in ASCII beauty. There's so much to do when exploring this colorful and imaginative world. Grab your scuba gear and go for a dive, chill out and ride some waterfalls, or maybe go sailing! Expand your strategic arsenal with 16 new units such as versatile Hover Tanks, indomitable Orbital Battleships, and voracious Nanobot Swarms! Elevate your game with new planets that feature multi-level terrain available in both single and multiplayer. Explore a vast kingdom full of dangers and brutal enemies while you find the truth behind  Ahmosis I, the Red Pharaoh. Only the most audacious warriors will have any chance of success. Welcome to our special brand of Super Long Nose Shooting Game. The 1st Stra is a horizontal 2D shootem up that introduces gameplay mechanics such as bullet counter and blast pods: the first allows the player to survive waves of attacks by returning them to their sender and the second is a tool meant to valorize the players learning curve by letting him spread his attacks on the whole screen. Early Access  This is an open-world game that is still on-going development, it is possible that some bugs may occur. If bugs are found, please post them in the discussion boards. Updates with new content and fixes are released regularly. Vampire of the Sands  is a punishing action dungeon-crawler with roguelike elements. Resurrected by a necromancer, you are sent into the dungeon to assassinate The Vampire. Although your body is fragile, there are many tools at your disposal to beat the odds. The game pits the player  against an unrelenting army of the living dead. The house itself is your weapon. Think on your feet as you investigate, reinforce and defend with everything you can find. Reach all the keys on each scheme and release Clarence, Tyler's puppy. You will have to solve more than 80 puzzles through 16 different Worlds, destroying or avoiding obstacles such as Rocks, Barrels, Fire Particles, Ice Blocks, Bombs and Shooting Cannons. Sim Junta  A game of dirty politics! You are the new dictator of Risuena, a small and poor country of the third world. Join your favorite YouTubers on an Epic Quest in PewDiePie: Legend of the Brofist. Three Digits is the sequel to our first game  Two Digits. You are given 14 numbers less than 1000, and all you have to do is to choose two subsets with the same sum. Circa Infinity is a brain-melting circular platformer by Kenny Sun, with a pulse-pounding soundtrack by Jack + Jim Fay. Fight for your life in Call of Tomsk-7, a simple side-scrolling shooter. Horrifying monsters are pouring out of the forgotten and abandoned Soviet-era Tomsk-7 biological weapons facility. You must fight the creatures in a seemingly endless battle of attrition. Steel Ocean is a free-to-play, MMO shooting game. As a navy commander, you may choose  6 types of warships used in the World War II to fight the 16vs16 battles. Start the voyage with your warships and fight for the honor of your fleet! Survive invasion by filthy alien scum. Take on all the characters of the SUGURI universe in this lightning-paced duel-style shoot'em'up. Continue the story of the characters you've come to know and love, and meet a new mastermind causing havoc on Earth. Play against the AI in Story Mode, or friends and foes online or locally in Multiplayer. Anarcute is the cutest riot game, with a catchy art direction and unique crowd-beatem all gameplay! Special Offer   All owners of Sora will unlock a free bonus character in  100% Orange Juice  on Steam. About the Game Sora tells the story of its namesake: the lone enhanced human, Sora, and her struggle to protect a fading world. Enjoy breathtakingly fast-paced combat in the Suguri universe, with improved game system and graphics along with original trance music by DEKU. Circuit Breakers is a fast-paced multi-player top down shoot 'em up. Get together with five of your friends and fight to rid the universe of an intergalactic robot army or compete against them and rid the universe of each other! Far in the future, advances in artificial intelligence have created the first truly sapient AI, FIRST- short for First Intelligent Robotic System model Two- system. Redemption: Eternal Quest is a casual-themed RPG/Sim game which combines the feel of an RPG with roster management sim mechanics. You become the leader of a band of adventurers, guiding them through quests and adventures, healing them, watching them grow  and signing them to new pacts while keeping your gold pouch filled. Angry Arrows is a cooperative archery game about rescuing hostages from enemy strongholds using nothing but bows and arrows. Angry Arrows will leave you excited, eager for more, and probably a little miffed. Remember, just one fatal mistake and it's back to square one. Collisions is a relaxing puzzle game set in a beautiful environment. The puzzles vary from one screen to the next: some are easy, others require timing, logic and anticipation. Many puzzles have alternative solutions that only the most cunning players would be able to find! You have to strategically control your lanes and manage your resources to counter your enemy's units and tactics. Assemble your ultimate army from 11 playable factions, from sturdy dwarves to volatile fire elementals, from pesky insect swarms to lumbering tree behemoths. Enter the AI arena and fight evil artificial intelligences with a variety of weapons and modifications. Enjoy thousands of possible combinations of enemy and arena permutations that give you an unprecedented and nearly unlimited arcade experience. Release discount for The Big Secret of a Small Town! We provide a release discount 10% off for new casual game on Steam - The Big Secret of a Small Town! Don't miss your chance to grab It in your Steam library! Russian Horror Story - visual novel based on true story. Young and talented teacher Ivan Naumov live quite well in Finland. But it's nice to return to their homeland, to live in a Moscow apartment, venture into its repair, wait beloved wife and know that everything in life is good... Until that moment, until you hear the cry of a woman who cut off her hand. The Big Secret of a Small Town -a new adventure on Steam! We are glad announce a new adventure/hidden object game on Steam - The Big Secret of a Small Town! Don't miss your chance to grab It in your Steam library! Hard to be a God  is a role playing game with adventure and espionage elements. The main hero is a graduate of a medieval secret service high school where he took the course of combat and diplomatic training. Hes strong, sly and intelligent, he is the most powerful person living in Arkanar, but his well-known world still brings surprises to him. Get ready to go deeper into the world of the most prestigious motorsport than ever before. Please read before you buy  The Steam version of AquaSnap requires the Steam client in order to function. If this is a problem for you, please note that we also have a standalone version  that you can purchase on  our website. About the Software  Too many windows on your screen? Fifteen enemy ships, with diverse attack modes. Frizzy, a game by Team Frizz. Frizzy is a platformer filled with awesome action. Archty Tolomei is a 9 years old boy that lives with his dad. In 2008, his mom left the house with his two sisters and a little baby, only to come back in 2009 asking for forgiveness. During a huge fight, Lisa, one of Archty's sisters, called 911. The Deletion  is a challenging minimalist puzzle-platform game with 40 levels of awesomeness. The controls are simple but the levels will test your wits as you use careful timing and reflexes to avoid deletion. Physics can change as you experience new levels and you'll find that gravity isn't static. Jump back to the good old days of arcade machines with  Void Invaders : a colourful, chaotic and explosive arcade shoot-em-up game inspired by classics such as Galaga and Space Invaders! Blast your way through more than 30 levels filled with dozens of enemies, intense boss fights and destructive powerups! Explosive visuals and a frantic light show included. Ladra  is a stealth action adventure that tests your abilities as the ultimate thief. Estella lost her family at an early age due to war and disease. She escapes her foster parents only to stumble upon an old man that shelters her. Dolguth is a 2D oldschool brawler for up-to 6 local players. Choose your mech to fight in one of the Dolguth arenas and destroy the other warriors. Each mech is powered with a melee weapon and a 6-bullets cannon. You are the contestant Pod Pilot, armed with only your wits and your composure. In the Arclight Arena, you fend off Glass Drones and other Player Pilots by swiping and slashing them away in glorious 4-way Sabre clashing combat! Digital Deluxe Edition   The Rise of the Tomb Raider Digital Deluxe Edition includes the full base game and Season Pass. The Season Pass for Rise of the Tomb Raider includes a range of content that will extend your single-player campaign, and also allow you to compete with friends. Three major releases will challenge you to survive the extreme conditions of Endurance Mode, explore a new tomb that houses an ancient terror in Baba Yaga: The Temple of the Witch, and combat waves of infected predators in Cold Darkness Awakened. Forgotten Lore  is an online trading card game. It features dueling with random matchmaking, playing with friends, in game chat, and of course  card trading between players. Alien Robot Monsters  is an epic sci-fi tower defense action game with a 16-bit era look and feel. Somewhere in the future, humanity's desire to expand to the stars is yet again faced with expected adversity. After finding an earth-like planet capable of sustaining a civilization, a colony ship is sent with a small detachment of space marines. Labyronia is an epic RPG, heavily inspired by Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI, and the Dragon Quest series. When your world is invaded by mysterious creatures, the very survival of humanity is at stake. Some believe these creatures are gods, descending down on the earth to punish humanity for its cruel and wicked ways. Originally released last year, Fingerbones was my first experiment in narrative-focused horror. You begin in a mysterious abandoned building, pitch dark save for the golden light filtering in from the windows. As you explore, scattered notes begin to tell a disturbing tale. GlaZ is a psychedelic arcade game where player controls a spherical  body, looking for keys, opening doors and solving puzzles while trying to understand what this place is and why did he come here. Player is accompanied by  The Explorer, who helps player to understand the world and get used to new ablilties that allow to traverse space and bend time, here and there. Somehow you got to the enemy territory, and you should wait for your squad to get out of here! But only God knows when will they arrive to you! Ferrum city was enveloped by a thick fog. Prominent citizens and scientists disappeared and among them well known inventor working on a number of inventions in the field of electricity. Shortly after his disappearance his granddaughter comes to his house. Inspired by games like Ultima, Eye of the Beholder, and others, Tormented12 is a historical fantasy game based on the biblical account of the twelve Hebrew tribes. Encounters, riddles, and magic will be integrated according to that history, with a bit of old-fashioned RPG game play weaved in. Players select a Judge  from 11 different characters, each having their own set of skills and traits with which to deal with the threats/situations presented in the game. Mayhem Triple is a hyper-violent, tasteless tale of evolution gone wrong and the dangers of time travel. You are Mig Carter, a man with style to spare and the perfect opportunity to show everyone how great you are: the bunny apocalypse. Use smooth acrobatics and a vast armory of creative guns to help traverse countless epic setpieces riddled with bizarre sights and massive mutated rabbits. Rock, the Tree Hugger  is a casual arcade-style game where you must  save  humans and  hug  trees all while rushing against an impending forest fire in increasingly harder levels. The goal of  Rock, the Tree Hugger  is to  save  a certain number of humans and  hugging  a certain amount of tree score. You are a rock rolling around colored forests with one goal: avoid the fire; and  save  humans, AND  hug  trees! If you are not prepared for a challenge - turn back now. Gun Rocket is a 2D physics puzzler that is not for the feint of heart or the stiff of fingers. In search of adventure, you have been caught by holes in space and time. XenoBloom charges you, an inexperienced demi-god, with the care of a fledgling alien biome. Free to play shooter about the confrontation of two irreconcilable sides, represented by the government military housings and the armed hirelings. Try your hand at virtual battles with off-scale dynamics and hurricane gameplay in the spirit of the classical shooters. In the game are available a wide range of maps and several modes. Planets all over the galaxy are in need of creature re-population! Travel through systems in your rocket ship lab making Mutato species needed to save the planets. Grab a Mutato in each hand and bop them together to create unique offspring in this VR room scale experience for the HTC Vive. Special Offer    Braveland Trilogy  contains all highly acclaimed turn-based games inspired by old-school strategies in one package. About the Game The Braveland trilogy concludes with the most exciting book of all, number three  welcome to Braveland Pirate strategy game! Everywhere on RHEM you will find hints or solutions that will help to unveil some of the mysteries of RHEM IV. Labyrinth Simulator offers you a endless levels of labyrinths and imagination. In Labyrinth Simulator you are the part of the game. Make your own level, publish it  or download a level created by community, play it with your friends or play it with your own. In this RPG, you control a human who falls underground into the world of monsters. Now you must find your way out... or stay trapped forever. The FULL version of Episode 1 is now complete in Early Access! Become the master of a brand new, exciting agile third person mech shooter set on a dystopian Earth in the first episode of Beyond Flesh and Blood. The Mysterious Afterlife Journey And The Favorite Pastime Of The Pharaoh Tutankhamun. The Artifact Of The World's Oldest Board Game Found In King Tut's Tomb, Beside The Golden Coffin   Sarcophagus. During yet another official museum opening, Charlie witnesses a robbery, the victim of which is none other than his own girlfriend. Firmly set on investigating the case despite the reluctance of his uncle, the detective in charge of the inquiry, he unknowingly embarks on what will become the greatest adventure of his life! The Necromonads are at it again!! Colonists must in a orderly fashion proceed to the nearest shelter while the highly trained star pilot provides cover. Normal is for those seeking a casual experience, whereas Challenging is for the thrills and kills. You take another drink as the canvas looms in front of you. Youve created countless pieces of art, but never anything likethis. Craft, battle, and quest your way through Crashlands, a story-driven Crafting ARPG overflowing with sass! Become Flux Dabes, a galactic trucker whose latest shipment gets derailed by a chin-strapped alien menace named Hewgodooko, leaving you stranded on an alien planet. As you hustle to retrieve your packages youll become enmeshed in a nefarious plot of world domination, which will require all of your wits and both of your glutes to overcome. Just Updated  Controller Support, Updated Audio, Difficulty Tweeks   About the Game His mother was a  Ninja, his father was a  Gun. But now,  GunDad  has been kidnapped. And it's up to you,   GunGuy  , to go out into the world and SAVE  GUNDAD! Have casual deathmatch matches on various scenarios. Build your own levels with the ingame editor and assets that come with the game, or just play around and use it as a sandbox. Evolution is a real time simulation of the evolutionary process. Creatures have DNA that defines their structure, traits, how they see the world around them, and how they react to it. Each creature is unique, most die quickly, some die a little slower, and others survive . Set in a distant futuristic world, this is a unique first person shooter/platform game, with a puzzle or two included. You find yourself woken up from a snooze by load thudding noises, you look out your apartment window, why is all the debris falling? Here starts your adventure to save your world from destruction, locate and flick Switches  to proceed up the emergency pillars, clear levels, complete mazes, jump over vertigo inducing bridge blocks with your jet pack if needed, to eventually find out what is going on and stop the debris from falling to save your planet! But when a huge explosion throws Highworld into chaos and separates Bob from his one true love, Starbrite, the blue little Orbite is given incredible power from above and sets out on a quest to bring justice to the evil demons plaguing his world. Deluxe Edition purchasers will receive 18 additional levels, 8 additional STREAM track elements, 6 light cycles and 3 suits for the core game, an award of in-game currency, PLUS the massive OUTLANDS Pack featuring an alternate game theme, 16 additional levels and 20 new STREAM track elements. Frantically dodge your way to the high score in a series of rage-inducing levels while enjoying a kickass, original soundtrack. Experience trippy visuals while being pulled into a never-ending abyss of addicting, non-stop action. Unlikely saviors joined by fate and duty. The Dargenziz pirates have taken control of our expansions in the zeta quadrant and we have a dire emergency that can only be handled by you. Colonist ships are already in route and you are the closest available contractor to assist our cause. Please check out our forums and let us know how we can make the game better for you as we continue to add more in future updates. Pumped BMX+ is a fast-paced arcade BMX game full of tricks, stunts and combos which originates from one of the most well-known BMX franchises in the world. Master over 500 challenges in this breathtaking sports game. Originally developed by one-man studio Yeah Us!, Pumped BMX + is all about tricks, speed and skill. Our goal was to make a game simulating space combat between large capital ships at extreme detail on the scale of individual crew members. We've spent multiple years building a custom in-house engine capable highly detailed ship interior simulations while still supporting real time combat between large numbers of ships in an open persistent world. The result is a massive open world where any ship, station, asteroid, artifact, or wreckage can be entered by the player and controlled in real-time. The virus appeared just six months ago and has already devastated humanity as we knew it. Only a few decimated and isolated groups remain, trying to survive and free their regions from the poison. Instructions: You use the triggers to spawn the ball and racket. Double-click on racket trigger to lock it. You can change controller hands on the small button above the touchpad. Littlstar is an immersive VR platform and community for mobile content and 360 Videos. Connect with the biggest brands in the world and top producers with immersive experiences and performances. The Council oversees the elam families, aristocrats who are descended from the first humans in Rilfanor, and the banlits, who were originally people born without magical abilities. The Guild has never admitted banlits because of their lack of magical capacity; and they've never admitted women because they believed women were too weak-minded to control such power. Now, many generations later, the elam magic is weakening, and latent magic talent has reappeared among the banlit population. The Franz Kafka Videogame  is a point-and-click puzzle/adventure game inspired by the writings of Franz Kafka. The protagonist named K. gets a sudden offer of employment. And this event changes his life, forcing him to make a distant voyage. The captain has told you to visit Twin Peaks? You arrive at your first crime scene. The renowned historical simulation series returns with enhanced features in  Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere on Influence. Take the role of the legendary Warring States Daimy  such as  Nobunaga Oda  and  Shingen Takeda  to work your way towards unification by making best use of domestic affairs, diplomacy and battles against the fierce Warlord neighbors. The latest installment has numerous enhancements and features to it's predecessor  Nobunaga's Ambition: Souzou  by expressing the Warring era's highlight, the  Battle of Sekigahara  in the highest quality ever to date in the franchise's history. The Trimoebas are unicellular animals that populate the primordial soup and move by rolling. Their dream is to build the first multicellular creatures. To succeed in creating order from chaos, they will have to dig tunnels, build towers, and construct bridges  having no tools but their triangular bodies and their special abilities! To solve each level, you must interact with the components and structure of a strange micro-organism. For example, you will often use catalysts to combine basic resource nodes into useful compounds. Lucadian Chronicles is a strategy, puzzle and card-collecting game with a full single-player campaign and multiple competitive online modes. In Lucadian Chronicles each card has a variety of stats and abilities, as well as a color and cost. The heart of the game is creating teams that conform to color and cost limits while taking advantage of card synergies to conquer the opponent's team. Play as Jeeboman in this fast paced retro arcade shooter built ground up for room scale VR. Save your city from waves of invading robots and dish out destruction with a full arsenal of futuristic weaponry. Jeeboman has at his disposal 5 unique high powered weapons. Erwin's Timewarp is an Adventure game in which the player controls a dog named Erwin, the pet of the scientist Dr. Zachory. He has invented a time machine with that Erwin was transferred to the time 1984 by accident. In order to come back to present time Erwin has to find parts of a time machine in different words and times. You are the owners of coal mines and it is your responsibility to produce lorries, send them below ground, and mine all the coal you can wrest from your pits. You must also acquire and fulfill orders to gain victory points. In Daily Espada from Pidroh, players assume the role of a family man drawn into Brazils most bizarre game show, as he fights hordes of monsters from Brazilian mythology. Maneuvering through fireballs and dodging enemy attacks in Daily Espadas fast-paced combat is simple when compared to the protagonists struggle with his dysfunctional family. Keith is a very lonely man, and no one comes to his parties - so he decides to rob an entire graveyard to create zombie cyborg friends to come to his parties. Join him in robbing graves, cutting up corpses, creating steam-punk cyborgs and hosting parties - and then dealing with the consequences when he upsets everyone. Mondrian - Abstraction in Beauty  is a full-circle block-breaking game about video game art history. Inspired by the works of the De Stijl masters limitations on form and color,  Mondrian - Abstraction in Beauty  takes an abstract look at the history of video game art, through unlockable features like paddles, balls, powerups, and screen effects. The game is dynamically generated, with millions of level combinations and endless replayability. All versions of Football Manager Touch  are fully 'cross-save' compatible with one another  so careers can be saved to the cloud and enjoyed both at home and away. In the mid 18th century the mighty armies of the great European empires are led into the first global world war, the Seven Years War. While Prussia struggles for existence against a superior alliance in Europe the fight for the colonies between Great Britain and France arises to gather dominance over the North American continent. MadOut Ice Storm is a combat race. Wrecked cars making jumps over bumps and potholes, not always fitting into corners, they are driving at maximum speeds with only one goal in mind - to be the first on the finish line. Relive dark footage recorded from the perspective of multiple characters in this unique first person horror. Each character has had an alternate experience in different locations, but they all have something in common which connects them. Take control of a young female and relive these moments through found footage to uncover the sinister link between the strangers. With procedurally generated skins, your loadouts can be truly unique. Enter the wondrous world of Wuppo! Fight numerous enemies, collect countless items, and solve immersive puzzles, all while exploring the detailed history of the world in your quest to find a new home. After losing its home, one lonely  Wum  must travel the length and width of the world to find a new place to live. Created with University of Colorado-Boulder's Kevin Garry, Ph.D., it delivers what you need to get started playing guitar  whether it's rock, blues, jazz, folk, country or classical. Over 180 easy-to-follow lessons make learning fun and take you from guitar basics to confidently playing hit songs such as  Knockin' on Heaven's Door,  Rock'n Me  and more. Lead your minions in tactical turn-based combat against the pesky heroes, and unlock a variety of evil Powers. With a dynamic campaign system and a branching storyline,  Reverse Crawl  lets you experience an RPG from a whole new angle! Bleeding Blocks is a 2D arena shooter. Two players face off in a single-screen deathmatch. Winning requires more than quick reflexes. Our hero has decided to get away from the urban bustle and out into nature to relax. On his way to his cabin, while anticipating the amazing sunsets, fresh air, the tranquility of the mountains, a heavy rain began to fall. His car breaks down in the middle of nowhere, the cold torrential rain dashing any hope of getting the car moving again. The successor to the Men of War series arrives with unmatched immersion, hard boiled historical campaigns and massive dynamic multiplayer battles. Gates of Hell offers revamped infantry dynamics, accurate reworked ballistics and much more, including community requested features like redesigned flight model and expanded factions in its upgraded engine. Shift between RTS and Top-down Third person direct control modes and use the total destructibility of landscapes to revive the most intense portrayal of World War II. ZenBlade   is a sword simulation action game designed specifically for VR utilizing tracked motion controls. It's a highly accessible game that is easy to get into and strangely addicting once you start. This game takes real physical sword skill and zen like focus to get high scores. However, fruits and vegetables he got suddenly began to mutate, learned to move on their own and think. Special Edition  Purchase the  MXGP2 - Special Edition  and get the Full Game, the Season Pass with 3 additional contents! About the Game   MXGP2 - The Official Motocross Videogame   is the evolution of the previous Milestones Motocross game MXGP. The game is based on the 2015 FIM Motocross World Championship license. Do you ever dream of being able to drive a car off-road, extremely, driving over huge rocks or obstacles? Ultimate Rock Crawler lets you become an instant Off Road Rock Crawling Champion. Rock crawling is an extreme form of off road driving using modified vehicles to overcome obstacles. This 2D sidescrolling exploration platformer follows the adventure of Erina, whose humdrum life as a regular rabbit is turned upside-down when she finds herself in an unknown world and turned into a human! Along the way she meets the cheerful pink-haired fairy, Ribbon, who mysteriously chooses to stay by Erinas side. Budget Cuts is a VR stealth game for the HTC Vive, currently in development by Neat Corporation. We're proud to bring you MODO indie 10.0! The game changer for MODO is just speed all the way across the boardtexturing, rendering, lighting, surfacing, building, modeling, everything. Colored blocks fall, and they keep falling. You rotate them, and drop them. Faster and faster you align the pieces, creating links of matching color, filling in gaps. Learn the dark arts of a Shadow Knight to rescue your fiancee. Discover the cause of a plague that is ravaging the local towns. Slay enemies and destroy strongholds using an innovative combat system. Dinosaur Hunt is an intense action shooter that will take you on an epic journey of hunting the worlds most horrifying animals! Second part of the cyberpunk visual novel series. Set in a future in a mega city where surveillance and hacking are part of every day life, it revolves around human relations, their dreams and their fight for living a free life. Invisible Apartment 2 is our first longer format visual novel. Challenge 3 difficulty levels of puzzles, and uncover the true ending of Puzzle's quest! Boulder's, Ice, Patrols, and Spike traps oh my, along with many other types of fiendish traps await you! Puzzle Sages is built on the concept of presenting fun, but difficult challenges. In Zulu Response play either as a   British soldier or Zulu warrior   in first person in a simulated tactical game for singleplayer, 4 person co-op or 8 person mulitplayer. The game is based off true stories from the African Anglo Zulu wars of 1879 where each player has a squad of intelligent AI plus reserves at their command. Nubs' Adventure is platforming action and exploration combined with an intriguing story and a vast world to explore! Nubs' Adventure is an exploratory platformer in which you help Nubs rebuild his house after it was destroyed by the evil Reds. Welcome to Cloudlands : VR Minigolf! Cloudlands is a virtual reality minigolf experience like you've never experienced before. Be transported to a beautifully landscaped island archipelago above the clouds. Dragonpath is a fast-paced top-down hack'n'slash RPG with abilities tied to equipment rather than classes. The game takes place in a broken underground realm inhabited by vicious monsters and few struggling remnants of civilization. Baptised in the dragons fire the champion yearns for vengeance; the masters nemesis must fall. Vector Assault is a fast paced twin stick shooter where you have to survive a onslaught of enemy attackers. The more enemies you defeat the higher your score will become. Try to achieve the highest score possible across multiple game modes, and levels. Gyrodisc Super League is a bright, colourful arcade sports game for up to 4 players. Players compete in a lightning-fast futuristic sport thats a blend of air hockey, tennis and volleyball. The rules may be simple, but victory is seized through quick reactions and devious mind games! Courtesy Warning:  The sexual themes in this game are mostly for fun/humor and don't make for particularly great fapping material. In HunieCam Studio players take control of a sleazy cam girl operation. Rake in stacks of filthy internet money and attract as many disgusting fans as you can in this fast paced, click happy and thoroughly perverted take on the business tycoon / management sim genre! Special Offer  Create your own  Womb Room  scenarios and enter to win one of many fabulous prizes! All winners will have their entry become official  Womb Room  DLC! You must use machines found throughout the butchery to saw, chop, grind, mince, and otherwise prepare meat for tomorrow's customers, while avoiding the terrifying apparitions which haunt the old building, or perhaps your own mind. Play through Story Mode to discover the horrifying truth behind the mysterious Happy Knife Butchery and its sole employee, then take your skills into Nightmare Mode to see how quickly you can fill the meat case without dying. Defragmented  is a lightning-fast cyberpunk action RPG. Unravel a power struggle for the future of evolution through strategic combat, unique character classes and a pulsing synth soundtrack. Welcome to Entropolis  New World, Bad Blood. This game was build from the ground up for Virtual Reality and Motion Controllers. Compete against your friends in several fun and thrilling sport events like Bowling underwater or Archery on top of a mountain. Use your real life skills in order to achieve the best scores and enjoy some beautiful landscapes! You are the AI in charge of Earth's final interstellar spaceship, tasked with delivering your human crew to a suitable new home among the stars. The fate of previous ships is unknown--with a set of galactic maps to guide you, it's your job to decide which planets to visit, which crew to send down to the surface, and which choices they should make along the way. As the CEO of a multinational corporation that sells superpowers to the highest bidder, you'll cast powerful magic, invent futuristic technologies, and manipulate your stock price to impress shareholders. MetaHuman, Inc.  is a thrilling 260,000-word interactive novel by Paul Gresty, author of  The ORPHEUS Ruse. With the 5,000 free chips youre credited with every day as a Full Tilt player, you can experience the very best in online poker absolutely free. Card-players can discover a new favorite pastime among our wide variety of poker game types and our play money games help new players learn and hone their skills in one of most legendary card games ever played. Blood of Magic is a small open world role-playing game with turn-based battles. Other elements include crafting, town management, recruitment, and exploration which help improve your experience in Auguston. Welcome to a world of magic, where people and creatures can receive magical capabilities with the infusement of magic energy from rare magical crystals. Many thought  Bubsy  was lost to a legacy of shame obscurity after his cat-astrophic venture into 3-D, but hes been given a new shot at video-game stardom with his first release of this meowllenium:  Bubsy Two-Fur! Bubsy Two-Fur  is the authorized digital download version of Bubsys first two games, and the first official Bubsy release since 1997! Relive the games that started the notorious career of Bubsy Bobcat in their original incarnations, and experience for yourself the cat-titude and purr-sonality of the first gaming mascot to have a digitized  voice, one whose words still resound in the minds of all who played his games: What could paw-sibly go wrong? Life is like a waiting room, except people don't leave in the order they enter. So when it is time to leave, where will it be? And will you be able to smile in the end? We have added support for  Online Multiplayer! You can now invite your friends to take part in epic space battles. Age of Magic is a online Collectible Card Game with an MMO twist. Master four powerful classes, and build your deck using unit cards from five distinct races. Extend your collection and upgrade them! This was done, so that worthy mortals could appeal to the Jade Emperor and obtain divine powers, to aid in the search of his missing daughter. However, this gift was exploited and taken advantage of, causing chaos in the mortal realm. Pitstop Challenge is a sport game like no other. Your goal is to become the best pitstop crew on the motorsport circuit. Cosmic Trip  is all about bringing RTS gameplay into a native VR  experience. After being deployed on an alien planet, you will build structures, harvest resources and build your army of cosmobots to defend your base and launch assaults on the enemy. Ancient alien pylons on the planet form a network of base nodes for you to capture and push back the alien enemy forces in this intergalactic tug-of-war. With a colorful, blocky voxel art style, 8-Bit Armies is Petroglyph's most fast-paced, friendly, and accessible RTS game to date. Collect resources, build up and defend your base, amass your army of military units, and ultimately crush your opponents! Unchained, and while we were really happy with the results, Open Beta players had a clear message for us  they want more control. Convinced you could do a better job of running the country? Let's face it, you could hardly do a worse job than our current political leaders. What does the modern chess player need? Fritz, probably the worlds most popular chess program  offers just that for beginners and tournament players alike: it plays at the highest level, offers training features for every stage of the game and comes with access to  playchess.com. As a major release from the million+ selling  Way of the Samurai  series,  Way Of The Samurai 3  is the prequel to the Famitsu Gold Award winning  Way Of The Samurai 4  and furthers the series blend of customization, exploration and action gameplay! Honour, sacrifice, betrayal  Your choices make you who you are. Factorio  is a game in which you build and maintain factories. You will be mining resources, researching technologies, building infrastructure, automating production and fighting enemies. In the beginning you will find yourself chopping trees, mining ores and crafting mechanical arms and transport belts by hand, but in short time you can become an industrial powerhouse, with huge solar fields, oil refining and cracking, manufacture and deployment of construction and logistic robots, all for your resource needs. Journey to the mystical city of Shangri-La and find your missing niece! Embark on an adventure at the edge of the world to save Larisa from the clutches of the ancient labyrinth! Tibetan Quest: Beyond the World's End is a captivating hidden object game that blends together the elements of the thriller and adventure genres with oriental esotericism and lore. Andromeda has seen quieter days, and its up to you to take the reigns of one of many civilizations and guide it through the many dangers hiding in the galaxy. Dawn of Andromeda is a pausable, real-time space 4X game focused on providing a fun, immersive and accessible experience that allows you to truly play as an emperor. You are about to start school in a new town and have just been given some incredible, life-changing news; you are a super-hero! And not only that, but a super rare breed of hero called an 'Absorber', one who can utilize the super abilities of those around you! But before you even have time to process this new information, your school,  Freepoint High  is attacked by a mysterious, powerful enemy! Welcomed aboard a luxurious cruise liner, you are spending your time enjoying this rare opportunity. But at the height of the evening, things are not as they appear as a murder brings it all to a grinding halt. Drawing on elements of Southern Gothic and using settings of derelict towns, run-down motels and murky, decaying swamps, A Chair in a Room will take you through an investigation of institutional corruption, religious immorality and murder, which can only be unlocked by searching deep within your own psyche. Challenge your mind with puzzles that are based on optical illusions. Find the perfect angle by rotating the camera until order is restored, and discover a story that is full of mystery. Hitman GO is a simple to play, but difficult to master turn-based strategy game set in a stunning interpretation of the Hitman universe. You will strategically navigate fixed spaces on a grid to avoid enemies and take out your target or infiltrate well-guarded locations. This award-winning, beautifully rendered diorama-style turn-based strategy game focuses on forward thinking to progress through challenging levels and stylish freeze frame environments, to challenge even the most accomplished Hitman fan. Welcome to The Next World - a strategic visual novel by Illuminated Games, telling the story of a crashed colony ship and its ragged group of survivors, trying to make a new life on the wrong planet. Keep as many colonists alive as possible by making the tough decisions which will determine how your adventure unfolds. is an intense open-world survival horror game set in Eden, a fallen Utopian city. Play as a Sleeper, awoken from cryosleep in Eden, a fallen utopia wrought with death and danger. The audience, demanding, even if they are made of wood. You arrive at the tavern, a bright shiny upstart with dreams of treasure and loot. And look, there's three other such types JUST like you in here. The Withering  is a modern world post apocalyptic survival horror simulator. The story puts players in a world where a terrible viral infection wiped 90% of the population, which in return triggered a series of catastrophic events laying devastation on already dying world. The gameplay consists of two elements, a turn based management and a real time action survival simulation. Set in the distant future, man has evolved beyond flesh and bone and is now one with the machine. Your journey starts as a young Terran pilot, taking your first steps into the galaxy. You are free to join or form factions, corporations, bounty hunter gangs, or even crime syndicates as you forge your own story in a living, evolving galaxy. After a failed love confession, Aoi Takamatsu dropped out of school and became a shut-in. It was one of these rare days where he left his home to go shopping. Blinded by the sun on this warm summer day he looked up to the sky and saw a naked girl falling from the sky?! Infiltrate the enemy as a psychic spy, leaping from body to body by touch! But when your own body is stolen, you'll race against time to find it before your mind disintegrates. The ORPHEUS Ruse is a thrilling interactive spy novel by Paul Gresty, where your choices control the story. Round up the usual suspectsthe mean girl, the new kid, the bully, the nerd, maybe even your best friend! As the sixth grade detective, you'll spy on classmates for cashwill you keep their secrets or take the money? Sixth Grade Detective  is a 109,000-word interactive young-adult novel by Laura Hughes, where your choices control the story. Millia -The ending- is a visual novel made by Millia Soft using Ren'py. The game was successfully funded on kickstarter.com in early 2015. The story follows the daily life of Rize who lives in a fantasy world. Travel Beyond the Reality You've Always Known. Two thousand years ago, the Kingdom of Jastamune was thrust into a war, the only survivor being a magician known as Reverent Sulada. In a last-ditch effort to save the Kingdom, she encases herself in magic and sleeps for two thousand years, eventually being unearthed by the Alpha Omega Company, dedicated to researching the implications of their pollution-filled world. The servants of Lucifer stole the Stone of the Dead and opened the gates of the Hell! You are to fight with Lucifer and restore the Stone of the Dead before rising of the bloody moon! Otherwise, Lucifer will gain power over the world and the dark forces will remain forever in the world of the living. Meet Charlie: A brave electrician who is trapped in a treacherous cavern. His only chance of escape is with the help of a curious light that guides him along his journey. Navigate over 60 puzzles using one of a kind problem solving skills. Islet Online is a sandbox-style MMORPG. It is all about digging and placing bricks to build your own land. Broken, Bouncing on the bumps, not always fitting into the turns, they fly at maximum speed, being drawn by the one desire to win. Unlike other games where you can only push your competition off the track, this game will allow you to creatively get rid of opponents. Nightmares, Blackouts, and horrible demons from the darkest corners of your mind appear and trap you in the worst of scenarios while you are lost in time and space. The only way out is to solve puzzles in order to find an exit to your dreams. The whole city has been plunged into darkness. After an accident in the power station, a living electric spark must restore electricity to the city and give citizens back their safe and carefree lives. TurnOn  tells the spellbinding tale of a brave alien creature and its striking journey through blackout world. Swift  is a 2D online multiplayer platformer with the one-hit combat system. Explore the map to find weapons, abilities and buffs to be stronger and faster. Beware the debuffs, because it can be the last thing you get. Hauntsters is a 2D battle game in which up to 4 players compete for victory in a spooky arena. Each player chooses their character from a selection of 12 supernatural entities, using their unique abilities and combos to win the fight. Compete in a chaotic free-for-all or team up with a friend for a combo-centric 2 v 2 team battle. Groth, the Soul Reaver, has kidnapped your daughter Jessica! Explore the dangerous world of the ancient castle and help release the captive souls whom you meet along the way. Can you solve the ingenious traps of the mysterious castle? Explore an intriguing world in The Book of Desires, a thrilling Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game! Ashley had a horrible dream where she traveled to a strange world. When she awoke she realized it was just a nightmare, but her reality turns out to be just as scary. In Twilight City: Love as a Cure, you're a young vampire passionately in love with a human. However, the curse of being immortal comes at a high price. Your burning desire for blood can destroy your love. The Beastmaster, Lord of all Beasts, kidnapped a young girl by the name of Sophie. You must use your skills to emerge victorious in this battle and save the girl. Make your way past the ingenious traps of the Castle and overcome the beasts to restore the Unicorn for a victory over the forces of evil! Two more days and you will no longer be able to pay your staff or gladiators. The fight scheduled today will draw exceptionally massive crowds, meaning the fight purse will be bountiful and the opportunity to place a large volume of bets will be high. Fantasy Tales Online is a retro MMORPG where you must form parties, collect gear, fight through dungeons and defeat bosses. Featuring puzzles, a rich item system and complex encounter this isnt your run-of-the-mill grindfest MMO title! An adventure game in the vein of  point and click  games, about a personal journey of an endearing creature of the Minim species. In the game, the player must use logic, collect important items, and solve puzzles in order to guide Mii in his search to find his life partner Mo. Tracing her steps he embarks on a journey which becomes a self-seeking exploration regarding life choices and personal values. Myriad capsules containing xenovirus landed and began spreading their contents across the world. Right after that alien dropships began the descent. Remember the good old times you spent your days playing Tanks on the NES with your family? Remember all those times when they had won, they gloated and made fun of you? Well now is the time you pay them back! Can you make it to the lowest level of the dungeon? Dual Gear is a turn based strategy game combination with action gameplay inspired from classical japanese mech TBS games. Player can command the units with turn based system from the third person action perspective ,develop a pilot, customize their own mechs squad to finish the mission and find the secret parts,weapons ,story. Victory and Glory: Napoleon is a game of grand strategy and fast-play tactical battles where you take the role of Napoleon Bonaparte and attempt to dominate the entire continent of Europe. You will move armies and navies, fight great battles, recruit new troops, and add new regions to your empire. The AI controls Great Britain and the other allied nations and troops that comprise an ever-changing alliance bent on stopping you! Following a relentless cycle of brutal engagements in which victory continued to narrowly elude the Overlords, a turning point was reached when they began to observe the characteristics of earth's most successful predators. Fly agile fighters and go head-to-head against the galaxys greatest pilots in PVP dogfights - easy to pick up controls reward your developing skills with more to master for that ultimate combat edge. Choose your ship, customise your load out and prepare for instant Arena-based action to earn the right to become Elite. Elite Dangerous: Arena brings Elite Dangerous Close Quarter Combat  PVP game to players as a standalone release, featuring full cross-compatibility with the large and growing Elite Dangerous player community. Legacy of the Elder Star  is a shoot 'em up for the rest of us. You are the Cosmonaut, an eternal cosmic hero who must shatter the robotic Infinite Legion and rekindle a dying star! Fans of the genre should definitely be checking this game out. Hero Generations: ReGen  is the definitive remake of the innovative and award winning Roguelike / 4X Strategy game  Hero Generations. Praised as  the offspring of Sid Meier's Civilization, Jason Rohrer's Passage, and The Legend of Zelda. Fixed the bug in which the save data was in the same folder as Tokyo School Life's save data. There is the second part of the most famous and awarded Russian adventure game of all time. Special offer for Steam owners of previous parts! Only for the owners of Treasures of Montezuma 3 and 4 on Steam we grant an additional 50% discount for the Treasures of Montezuma 5 till the 31st of March! About the Game A thrilling gem-matching adventure awaits those who dare to explore the jungle of the Aztecs, where untold treasure lies hidden deep within an ancient temple! The gates of Heaven are closed shut; the realm of Hell consumed by flood. And in their wake, countless parallel worlds wither away, one after the other. The surviving angels and demons gather at the city they believe to be their final chance at salvation: the floating purgatory of  Tokyo Babel. The execution might be a bit harder, though. Pick up any available object in one of the 8 stages and teach your opponents a lesson! Play in local multiplayer mode, for up to 4 players, or one-player story mode, with a cast of 10 characters inspired by the comic book LASTMAN. Achievements  Achievements are currently only supported by the Windows version. There is also a bug with certain graphic cards that disable the overlay from showing . About the Game Explore the world around you, the magic that surrounds it. In the beginning everything was good... Adam and Eve: The Game - Chapter 1, is the first chapter of 2D platform game that retells the biblical story of Adam and Eve. An authoritarian state pacifying the masses with propaganda. An ordinary everyman named Eugene, dragged by coincidence and circumstance from a life of mundane menial tasks into a baffling world of sudden, inexplicable murder, hidden conspiracy and unrelentingly lethal robots with nasty sharp pincers and lasers coming out of everywhere. It scans the radio spectrum for an answer to its question. Antenna is a short experience, an atmospheric expression. Prism is a spatial shoot 'em up with some RPG aspects. Randomly generated stuff, missions, and enemies! But also over 12 different skills, with a talent skilltree for each of them. Chicku is a nail bitingly hard platformer in which the player has to escape the Barrington farm. Youll be forced to dodge saws, spikes and many other deadly traps in order to save your brethren and rise against the evil Dr. Barrington. Play alone or with friends in this epic adventure and  slaughter  save millions of chickens along the way. Set in a peaceful, blood-curdling village blessed with gorgeous panoramic mountaintop views and the blissful stench of rotting corpses,  Wailing Heights  is home to the likes of vegan werewolves, hipster vampires, soulful zombies and all manner of well-adjusted supernatural taxpaying home-owners. Navigate a tale as unpredictable as the seas in this shoot-em-up arcade that will blow you away! Vibrant visuals and oldschool gameplay collide to provide a shoot em and loot em adventure you wont want to miss. Pursue a legendary adversary across Caribbean waves, Asian thunderstorms and the deceptive calm of the Sargasso Sea. The Inner Sea is a sandbox like game with RPG elements set in the XVII century in a mysterious archipelago. Youll build up your fleet from a single ship, hire crew, engage in naval battles, embark on missions and trade your heart's content away! Irrational Exuberance is an experiment to probe the possibilities of full room-scale VR, unfolding organically as you discover and engage with deep space phenomena. From the small, micro-scale to the epic and infinite, the experience puts you on the edge of the universe. Irrational Exuberance: Prologue has been an audience favorite at the  Sundance Film Festival  and the  Kaleidoscope  tour and is praised as a defining VR experience by the media for its use of space, sense and setting. Ruckus Ridge  is the first local-multiplayer mini-game tournament built for  Oculus Rift  and  HTC Vive  that pits 1 VR player against up to 3 friends in simultaneous combat. Duking it out in a series of 1 vs. 3 and Free for All mini-games, players take turns in the VR headset while the others use regular controllers to play. Players score points by winning minigames and the player with the most points at the end of the tournament takes the victory! Dive into a deep story of corruption, crime and intrigue. Take the role of gritty Police Chief Jack Boyd, and come face to face with the ugly underbelly of Freeburg, a city spiraling the drain. Will Jack reach his retirement with a nice stack of bills, or will he end up broken ... or worse? Take a scientifically inaccurate romp in pirate-infested waters! Will you prove to the Royal German Marinological Society that mermaids really exist? The Daring Mermaid Expedition  is a 71,000-word interactive novel by Andrea Phillips, author of  The Daring Adventures of Lucy Smokeheart. You have been selected by the mysterious Tross program to help prevent the next cyber apocalypse. Fly through the digital world and attack the malicious files that are temporarily isolated with the assistance of the Tross. Press     Overall, Buck looks like a potentially awesome mix of Metroidvania and point and click adventure. About the Game BUCK is a story-driven, 2D Metroidbrawler set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland. Can you handle the power of America's biggest locomotive power? Test your mettle with the fantastic American Powerhaul standalone, featuring the stunning Sherman Hill route. Running 60 miles between Cheyenne and Laramie, Wyoming, the route is well-known for the tough grades which resulted in the Union Pacific Railroad building new heavy freight locomotives to work the line. This is a standalone version of Train Simulator that has limited content. See below for more information.The high speed railways of France, dominated by the iconic TGV Duplex, are brought to life in the breathtaking new Ligne Grande Vitesse: Marseille Saint-Charles to Avignon-TGV route for Train Simulator. I've been wanting to do away with you... This phrase - the beginning of a huge story! Its simplicity and a powerful, just-ready, all-in-one toolset lets indies  and game enthusiasts  turn on their computers and create amazing visuals in minutes just as if they were professionals. Caught inside malfunctioning Virtual Reality equipment, Takeshi finds himself surrounded by a world of blocks... and beautiful girls! Super Night Riders  is a modern arcade racing game inspired by the retro classics. You are  Alice, a beautiful and talented motorcyclist known as the  red rider. In this game, your position in the race does not matter. Created by two brothers, Coffee Pot Terrarium is a turn-based puzzle game of tile manipulation. Raise new pathways to traverse the map, drop tiles to eliminate the enemy. You'll find yourself in situations where you need to evaluate your options and take risks, assess enemy movement and attack ranges, create new paths to skirt danger, and find critical spots in the enemy's position. Auralux: Constellations is the awaited sequel to Auralux, the critically acclaimed minimalistic Real Time Strategy game. Then, upgrade, expand, and attack until youve conquered the entire system. Super Sonico is a cheerful, hardworking college student and amateur musician who's about to make her modeling debut. As her personal photographer, you will be responsible for Sonico's image, balancing the needs of your clients with your own vision for Sonico's future. Cute, sexy, weird -- the costumes you choose will determine her path as a model. Bonsai is a game about curiosity and life. Grow your tree, prune it, and watch over it as it matures into adulthood. The tree will become what you train it to be - you are the mastermind behind its path in life. Techwars Online is a hardcore turn-based strategy game where each battle hinges on using every last ounce of tactical skill and planning out your moves several turns in advance. Choose a side, get a unique mech, use it as a basis to create a team of five combat mechs, and head into battle! The events of the game take place in the world of Mikhail Vlads novel Techwars. Or so it would seem ... a horde of dark legion managed to break the seal and free the ancient black dragon, bringing it's terror into the land once again. Desert Thunder : Strike Force is a small First-Person-Shooter game in the style of old, classic Delta Force games. You join 8 intense, large scale missions to prevent terrorist attacks. Customize your loadout, choose between 12 weapons and jump right into the action. Ready to take the wheel old geezer? Asteroid Bounty Hunter is a space shooter, with a lot more in store than simply blowing up asteroids. The story follows our hero John, who is a veteran, trying to do amends in his screw up life and he only has his space ship AI, who still cares about him. Tankr  is a top-down Arcade developed by  Mighty Toast, where you can play with or against your friends in dozens of frenzy arena multiplayer battles filled with powerups, bouncing bullets and explosions... You can even design your own battlegrounds! Up to four players can play together against the IA in any of the five campaings of increasing difficulty; the game offers over one hundred stages. Players also can take free-for-all battles on local and online games, to know who is the best in a selection of battlegrounds, or being able to design new ones thanks to the built-in Map Editor. Originally a jam game,  Crown and Council  is a casual strategy game of geopolitical drama. Conquer, expand, build and develop your kingdom, until all your foes are crushed! Crown and Council relied on procedural generation for the 75 included maps. Mindless Running - it's a classic runner with story mode. Explore a randomly-generated world while listening to a unique soundtrack. Our hero will have to go off on a dangerous journey, go through thick and thin, overcome hardships and obstacles to get to his Granny . Bob also has friends that share the same unfortunate destiny. Assemble patchwork mosaics while you travel with Alice and the famous characters of Wonderland and Looking-Glass Land! mad tea-party, unbelievable royal croquet, a merry sea quadrille... What other pictures await you in 6 locations? Assemble all mosaics and help Alice become the queen of this incredible world. Enter Jumpix Jump adventures, solve jumping puzzles, try to gather all diamonds and find the entrance to next level! Game is non-violent, special designed for kids, to enjoy collecting diamonds and force them to think to solve simple puzzles. Game main objective is to find the entrance to next level, as well as collecting as many diamonds as possible. Mintaka Softworks is proud to announce the upcoming release of its naval strategy game   Battleships At Dawn   for PC and Mobile platforms. Capture and hold resources, secure and defend strategic locations, explore large realistic maps and try to outsmart a cunning AI computer in this new turn-based naval strategy game. Breach your way into user accounts and explore the unknown. Find Out - this is an adventure game in which you will have to escape from an unknown location, surrounded by a large maze. The protagonist finds himself in the middle of a small forest area, which is a part of the experimental complex. This complex is surrounded by a complicated and confusing maze. Yet, with most of the streets barricaded, all of them teeming with enemies, and with rescue not coming for another 24 hours, the chances of survival are slim to none. If you want to escape you are going to have to head out into the streets, find fellow survivors, scavenge the city for guns, ammo and food, and undertake a terrifying quest that will lead you into the bowels of the infected hospital, through the rat infested sewers, and to the home of the crazy mayor. Zeus vs. Monsters is a math game for kids with mixed mathematical operations - addition, subtraction, multiplication   division. With 50 levels and 10 bosses to defeat, this is a real math adventure. The quiet and peaceful countryside in Scapeland is the perfect place to built up your own little paradise. Multiply your funds by selling plants and animal products. Enlarge your property, explore new areas and meet new people. This is an Early Access Alpha - we will be updating the game periodically. Love is Blind: Mutants is a stealth game that relies on the character's mutant powers in order to overcome obstacles such as guards and blocked pathways. The game utilises a low-poly, high-contrast aesthetic akin to early PSX games, for that genuine 'no frills' nostalgic gaming experience of yesteryear. Have you ever loved somebody so much, that you'd have done anything for them? Broken Dreams is a platformer in which Jack can create 'shadow friends; copies that repeat his previous actions. Complete with a melancholy story, gothic artwork, professional voice-overs, Broken Dreams has received fantastic ratings across the board. Leave Me Alone is a game about guiding a fierce skater through geeky 90s style locations. Fight monsters and mutants while performing mad skateboarding tricks. Light Repair Team #4 is a light-reflection puzzle game where you play as a light-pipe repair person. Figure out how to properly bounce, combine, move and split light through 25 puzzles so that you can return power to nearby buildings and get the city back on its feet. The city of New Corona's power grid is none like any other. Immerse yourself in the game utilizing either the Oculus Rift DK2 or Consumer Version and strap in for some adrenaline pumping fun. *Steam VR / Open VR support currently in development   About the Game   Void  21 is a procedurally generated, arcade style, fast-paced runner and shooter. He works 42 light years from Earth on a planet called Miranda. Set in the alternative historical setting of 1897 Angelic Empire of Britannia, your contract will order you to eliminate the source of the unnatural fog enveloping the Berelai Manor. Discover the secrets of the estate, as you look for answers among the violent inhabitants. Play the top-rated tower defense franchise in this free head-to-head strategy game. It's monkey vs monkey for the first time ever - go head to head with other players in a Bloon-popping battle for victory. From the creators of best-selling Bloons TD 5, this all new Battles game is specially designed for multiplayer combat, featuring over 20 custom head-to-head tracks, incredible towers and upgrades, all-new attack and defense boosts, and the ability to control bloons directly and send them charging past your opponent's defenses. Development Progress   Endciv is still in an early development state. Find out more at our  Roadmap. The circles above are indicators of how complete the game is in these categories. Get ahead of the pack by taking huge leaps across the procedurally generated speedway. These risky overtaking manoeuvres can take you straight into the lead, or drop you mercilessly into the void. Battle Crust  is a 80's-90's arcade-style shooter. You make full use of  Charge shot  that is available by obtaining the item, And let's Complete all of the 6 stage! Hald and his sister are  Keepers, chosen by the gods, their existence maintains order and balance in the world. But peace is not something everyone desires... Claos, a man filled with dark purpose, decides to plunge the girl in a deep slumbers, in order to break the balance and made evil. His younger brother, Hald, decides to find Claos and break the spell, regardless of the means used. Mimpi is a lazy doggy who becomes the Superdog in his dreams. Help him to save his friends by manipulating the environment of 6 original illustrated worlds in this charming mix of adventure, puzzle, and platformer. Find out what dreams dogs have and download the sequel to the award-winning Mimpi 1! Just Updated    Trading cards added! About the Game The adventures of the young knight begin in an abandoned building where no one expected to find mysterious occurences or the presence of dark powers. The year is 1994 and it is the future. Tells the story of an office clerk who is sent with an important message to the Queen of Ice. Concrete And Steel is a creative sandbox environment where you can create structures using a huge range of prefabricated objects and materials. Using walls, beams and pillars it's possible to construct everything from ancient castles to modern skyscrapers. Decorate your creation with a wide selection of wallpaper, paints and furniture to make it unique and interesting. In Split, you take control of a cube, which has the ability to break up and split into smaller cubes. Using whatever cubes you have at your disposal, you must try to solve puzzles to reach the door at the end of the level, bringing as much of yourself with you as possible. You drive your own customized car, trying to outmaneuver and outgun your opponents. Quick reactions are essential as one wrong move can be the difference between winning and becoming a smoking wreck. Zaccaria was founded by three brothers  and was the 3rd largest manufacturer of pinball machines in the world . They had created and produced more than 35 different pinball machines between 1974 and 1987. Cut bullets with your sword, shoot with heavy guns and splatter enemies with a rage fueled psionic wave. Prove yourself as a successful entrepreneur by starting and managing a restaurant. The story follows Eve, just appointed as manager of a new restaurant at her family's Seaside Inn after extensive renovation. At first she does not take the job seriously but as her involvement in the Seaside Cafe deepens she grows into adulthood by expanding this popular resort destination. The Spatial Sound Card software is the first  VR sound application  by   New Audio Technology. It provides virtual stereo or surround sound for any computer using regular headphones, also giving the choice between surround sound 5.1, 6.1 and 7.1. Adapted from the professional production line, it is a software based, virtual sound card, highly recommended not only for gamers but also for movie enthusiasts and music lovers. Experience Ad Exitum, a horror survival jump scare indie game of Since Idea Games, which is developed with Unreal Engine 4. You find yourself in a huge, mysterious maze. Plan your moves, test them out, then hit the  Prime  button: both your turn, and that of your enemy, are executed simultaneously. Enter any building, engage any target anywhere on the map...you define your own strategy. An open-world narrative adventure through a cursed wilderness of monsters, traps and magic. Hunt down the Seven Serpents, cast powerful spells that shape the story, and explore everywhere. Begin your journey here, or continue your story from  Parts 1   2. Paintey is a freeform do whatever you want painting simulator! You can paint everything from your face to the entire environment. Officially licensed version of the new board game by award-winning designer John Yianni! Japanese legend tells of a great battle between two mighty Dragon Lord armies, locked in combat on the peaks of Mount Hotaka, competing to win the hand of the Princess Kushinada, the last and most beautiful of eight sisters. Control a tiny ball of grey goo with the ability to eat anything smaller than itself. The more it eats, the bigger it gets! Soon you'll be able to eat the entire planet! Samantha Browne has been waiting patiently in her room for everyone else to fall asleep, go out, or do whatever it is people who enjoy social interaction do. Smell of Death is a Horror FPS virtual reality game includes action and horror items. The game consists of two game modes including Story and Survival. In Survival mode, you can compete with your friends and get the highest score by surviving competitors. Play as Billy, fighting your way through the randomly generated halls of an old, abandoned mansion! Fight through the halls, find and collect loot in the side rooms, buy from shops, and battle exciting bosses at the end of each set of hallways. And when youre ready, unlock the basements to completely change the game with whole new challenges, enemies, bosses, and loot! After seeing your village destroyed, you set out on an adventure to stop the mysterious attacker from wreaking havoc upon the rest of the province. You must travel through dense forests, navigate caverns and dungeons and cross snowy peaks. What would a group of girls do on a dark Christmas night? One day he is suddenly interrupted by a call from beyond this Earth - he has been summoned through a mystical portal to the distant land of Phantasmagoria! With his sister Kaori held hostage, Yuuto must fight as an Etranger - a warrior of power - and take up the sword to fight alongside the beautiful female Spirits who protect the land from the evil that threatens to consume it. Countless branches extending through space, each a world of its own. Not only is the city of Watsons Watch shrouded in mystery but so is our fearless detective. Unravel the story while dialogue interactions lead to its conclusion. Void Raiders is sci-fi top down shooter focused on character progression and shooting both humans   aliens that stands in your way to become most feared raider on Neptune planet. Blast your way through many exotic locations, collect mysterious artifacts, powefull relics and shards of power to upgrade your characters, their equipment and even Lone Invader tavern whitch serves as a base of your marauding operations. In the seas of the distant future, humans have all but disappeared. Now fish and crustaceans fight great wars, shooting deadly rays of light at each other. In your current, newly awakened state, you are no more than a piece of seafood. You are responsible for the streets and roads in your city. With so many people in a city, there is always the need for new living space, which has to be opened up with roads. In addition, the residents ask here and there for wider and faster roads. Safety Driving Simulator: Car is a driving simulator engaging and enjoyable that teaches the basics of driving immersing the player in a detailed and realistic urban environment. Choose from a variety of cars, sedans and sport cars and different scenarios. Safety Driving Simulator: Motorbike is a driving simulator engaging and enjoyable that teaches the basics of driving immersing the player in a detailed and realistic urban environment. Choose from a variety of scooter, small- and large-engine bikes as well as different scenarios. Push a block with a 2 alongside another 2 and they'll disappear. Simply push the required number of blocks together. Get online for an 8 player multi-player battle and become the ultimate Table Top racer! Steam Workshop  Browse and subscribe to mods created by the community for The Spatials: Galactology. About the Game   The Spatials are back on a new adventure! The Spatials: Galactology is The Spatials reimagined as a deeper, more rewarding simulation game. With over 300 million copies sold, PowerDVD is the world's number one movie and media player, serving up the highest quality, most immersive media entertainment experience available on PC. PowerDVD 16 now brings this award-winning experience to your big-screen TV, with a stunning new TV mode that lets you recreate the atmosphere of cinema in your own home. Mind Unleashed is a first person Sci Fi shooter game specifically designed for Virtual Reality. You are a robot that is trying hard to survive in a secret military base, inside a rocky mountain. Rocks and futuristic stuff will surround you in this epic challenge where you'll need to survive as long as possible, fighting hordes of robotic enemies. Later that night while looking through his Father's stuff, Tim makes a discovery. He finds an old chest with four items: A really cool hat, a weird looking flame gun, a map and a note which read  Dear Tim, save me. Therefore they called the council of Cubia. The council, knowing that his people did not have many choices, decided to appeal to ancient magic in order to open portals to other dimensions, there, they made another great discovery, they identified crystals  that possessed a lot of energy inside and they have brought back to their kingdom. Ember's a fox who loves adventure. Run, jump, and ride through 30+ colorful, fast-paced obstacle courses in a quest to get your missing soul back! Slip past fire-breathing dragons or weave between hungry over-sized goldfish...  Ember's ultra-simple control scheme is easy for anyone to pick up and get hooked! Battle Chasers: Nightwar is an RPG inspired by the classic console greats, featuring deep dungeon diving, turn-based combat presented in a classic JRPG format, and a rich story driven by exploration of the world. Giant Cop is a narrative-driven, open world game developed for VR. Its your first day on the job and you need to hit the ground running in order to keep the citizens of Micro City safe. Immerse yourself in the world of Cubikolor! Move your Kube by matching the kolors of the sides and the platform to complete each level. Armed only with your logic and your Kube, move through the 150 levels outwitting the traps in the System, an evil, scheming entity, to confront the machine and pass the test! Khan: Absolute Power  is a MMORPG based on true 13th century historical events featuring Genghis Khan. One of the most popular features of the game is its unique party system. Unlike other MMORPGs where people can level up by themselves, Khan contains an elaborate partying system, which encourages people to make friends and form alliances within the game universe. Iris has escaped from the Tower but she still needs your help! Explore the Kingdom of Stonebriar and solve the mysteries of the shadows that prowl its streets in this fun Adventure game. Enter magical worlds through colorful paintings and meet a host of fantastic characters that will help you on your quest in Drawn: The Dark Flight. After a mysterious entity extinguishes all the candles in the land, a lone surviving candle sets out on a most important adventure to bring light back to the land. Get ready for an adventure that takes the lone candle through many unique and dangerous lands. Rocket Shooter - this team game first-person shooter. The main feature is a move with super speed and super jumps! The game has some fantastic levels, lots of weapons and incredible graphics. Help Annabel and Harold organize their pet shop by diving and collecting colorful sea creatures in Tropical Fish Shop 2! After finding an incredible treasure, Annabelle and Harold are able to move their pet store into a new spacious building. Help them get down to business and equip and arrange the new bigger store in this exciting Match 3 game! The first colonization attempt of mankind has failed and the colonist crew is missing. The leaders of the United Earth decide to send a highly trained specialist squad to planet Meridian to find the crew and bring them home safely. theBlu: is a deeply immersive VR series that allows audiences to experience the wonder and majesty of the ocean through different habitats and come face to face with some of the most awe inspiring species on the planet. The series, which is directed by Jake Rowell, has been designed as beautiful moments in passing or a collection of memories that powerfully tap into the vast potential of VR. The debut episode, featuring an incredible close encounter with an 80 foot whale, is already recognized as one the most iconic room scale VR experiences to date . Demetrios is a quirky point   click adventure game inspired by classics like Broken Sword, packed with tons of humor! Bjorn Thonen, a slob of an antique dealer living in Paris, is robbed one night after coming home drunk. Forced to conduct his own investigation with the help of his neighbor Sandra, he ends up involved in a murky, mysterious affair. The Automations, humanity's own creation, have rebelled. You play as Melissa Flores, a 3rd year anthropology student participating in a summer archaeological internship. The field school takes place in Belgium, over 5000 miles away from your native California! Whirligig is an immersive film player / publisher. That is to say it is designed to playback fisheye, fisheye stereo SBS, 360 fisheye, 360 fisheye stereo SBS, barrel panoramic, barrel panoramic stereo SBS, 16x9, 16x9 stereo SBS, 16x9 Curved and 16x9 curved Stereo SBS. Dig your own path in this quirky strategy platformer. You play as Digsby, a miner with poor luck thrown to the depths of the earth in his first day on the job. Tasked by a floating head with the collection of ancient artifacts, Digsby must deploy a range of cunning traps to defeat monsters and break through the blocks. Highway Blossoms is a short yuri kinetic novel set in the American Southwest. After an old gold rush miner's journal is discovered, supposedly detailing where he hid parts of his stash, a nationwide craze begins as would-be prospectors try to solve its clues and strike it rich. End of the Mine is a 2D side scrolling platformer that takes place on a deserted planet where you are mining for valuable materials. End of the Mine is horror sci-fi inspired with lots of slapstick humor. The gameplay, secrets, characters, enemies and bosses are truly a one of a kind experience. If you think that anywhere you can find a lot of different outputs, difficult and easy, it means that you have not played  One way to exit. In this game you will have only one way out, and no chance to stop. Move forward or backward in search of an exit, but remember, if you started moving you can not stop, and in any case, do not touch the walls, otherwise you have to start all over again. Out of Ammo is an intense virtual reality strategy game for the HTC Vive that puts you in the commander's seat against wave after wave of soldiers. Built exclusively for the HTC Vive to make use of motion tracking, the game allows you to move around the battlefield to build defenses and issue orders. You can even directly possess your units to directly engage the enemy making use of cover and preparing your magazines carefully so you don't.... run out of ammo! You will need an Xbox 360 or One controller to play the game in seated mode. Please Note: If the game eventually becomes available on Oculus Home, you will  not  be given an additional Oculus Home Key. Catch a Falling Star is a casual and relaxing game where the aim is to catch falling stars and score points. WizardCraft is a fantasy-themed real-time strategy  game where players try to destroy AI opponents by collecting resources and creating an army. The game is played in a medieval setting with fantasy elements, where both sides have melee, ranged, aerial units, and spell casters . Most of the missions follow the pattern  collect resources, build buildings and units, destroy opponents. Each episode tells a different tale of Thorne, an infamous mercenary known as The Crow. Cranks   Goggles is a single player top down racing game set in late 1920' and early 1930's. Players can create their avatar and enter different races in England, Italy, France and more. By unlocking harder events, players will need to purchase and upgrade higher class cars to progress. Have you ever dreamt of riding a tank? Now you have got the chance to do it. The times when this sort of simulation was highly complex and enormous complicated are over. Caveblazers is an action focused platformer roguelike set in a fantasy world. Each game is unique with procedurally generated levels to explore, and a massive amount of items, weapons and equipment. The game takes place in a recently discovered cave, said to hold  unimaginable power. Monkey Island meets Over the Garden Wall, in a dark forest somewhere in Sweden. In this cozy little point-and-click fairy-tale, you are a gnome on an abandoned farm. When you realize that humans have come to live there once more, you find yourself useful again - but also that you might have to work harder than ever to keep them safe from the dark creatures that lurk out in the forest. Witness first hand the Dawn of the Robot Empire. Can you stop the invading robotic forces from another galaxy? Blast your way to victory in this retro sci-fi shooter. Party Saboteurs brings the tension and strategy from games like Spy Party and Town of Salem to the local multiplayer genre. The players have to move carefully, trying to blend in with the other guests and, at the same time, watching out for any awkward movements that might give up an enemy spy. Each player controls a spy who is trying to blend in an exclusive cocktail party to complete their missions. Based on the Koihime Musou visual novel, Koihime Enbu features a reimagining of the Romance of Three Kingdoms where the majority of characters are girls. Originally an arcade fighting game, Koihime Enbu draws upon this pedigree to offer players accessible and exciting mechanics that will draw in beginner and veteran players alike. Koihime Enbu is an ground based fighting game. Long ago, Chaos  and Discord ruled the land. Only the creation of the Relics by The Ancients brought Peace and Balance. Slowly but surely the world recovered from this era of Strife. Enter the magical world of a regular office with all the wonders of paperwork, files and other office related objects. Learn how to master the work of a real office man. Such as moving objects, sorting files, taking care of your children and other office related pursuits. While resting from her eternal labors in a non-descript town that the Princess of the Night Blade, Linne, meets a young boy named Hyde, who is in possession of the fabled sword of destiny that she has been searching far and wide for. In the Hollow Night, monsters called Voids feed upon the power that manifests there, while those known as In-births use that same power for their own ends. Oculus Rift DK2 and Controller required to play  Back to Dinosaur Island 2 is an Oculus Rift DK2-exclusive Virtual Reality demo and requires an Oculus Rift DK2 HMD  to run. Back to Dinosaur Island 2 requires a Xbox 360 for Windows or Xbox One Controller for Windows to be played. Gameplay with only mouse and keyboard is not supported. Realities allows you to virtually travel the world by transporting real places 1:1 into Virtual Reality. Realities uses a highly sophisticated photogrammetry workflow to capture real places with all their details - seeing these worlds in Virtual Reality is the closest thing to actually being there. Do you want to travel to a cave in France that was used by humans and their ancestors for over 40,000 years? RuneScape: Idle Adventures brings the gigantic mythology of Gielinor, and packs it into an idle experience that anyone can play! Complete quests, earn loot, and interact with famous characters from the RuneScape universe, using as much  time as you want to put in! Mad Bullets, the wackiest shooter is here to put your reflexes and laughing muscles to an intensive test. You can forget about boring stories, complicated controls and irritating tutorials, and jump right into a mind blowing, high-speed action. Now is the time to become the hero of the Wild West and shoot your way up to the top of the leaderboards! Download Driving Test Success Theory Test direct to your Windows PC, laptop or netbook and gain unlimited access to everything you need to pass the UK Multiple Choice Theory Test first time. This easy-to-use software contains all the latest official revision questions, answers and explanations from the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, the people who set the test. Weve helped over 8 million learners prepare for their test! Download Driving Test Success Hazard Perception direct to your Windows PC, laptop or netbook and gain the essential training you need to pass the Hazard Perception Test FIRST TIME. Asemblance is a single-player, first-person, psychological thriller. You no longer recall why you entered, but an AI voice guides you. TheWave allows users or any musical skill to create and perform music in VR using 3D interfaces. Users can manipulate music in new ways using motion control and perform full DJ sets without using any type of physical hardware. One innovation TheWave showcased was the ability to control the music and visuals - DJ and VJ - at once. In the 100 years after the end of the world, the survivors and their descendants have settled in and around old, but still functional, production facilities for food and shelter. When one of these ancient machines breaks down, the community that had settled around it sends out expeditions into the unexplored depths of the facility to try and bring it to life again. The first 4 of these expeditions have never been heard from again, and the machine continues to stay silent. Workshop  Curious about what other people are making, looking for inspiration or maybe you just want a nice park for your guests? Share your roller coasters, parks and scenery in the Steam Workshop! About the Game  Parkitect is a business simulation game where you must build a successful theme park. This is a new version of cult game with new levels and exclusive Steam online multiplayer! Play Bollywood and Stambul - two new stages, and watch new movies with it's peculiar story! Now you can challenge for a musical duel any steam user from around the world! Destinations Workshop Tools lets you create, share, and explore both real and imaginary places in virtual reality. This is a beta release of a set of content creation tools that users can use to construct worlds and share them on the Destinations Workshop  then explore them with the included Destinations Viewer. In the  RAMPAGE LEVEL   you try your best to break as many things as possible only using a bat and your baseballs, which is easier said than done. Are hordes of zombies, demons and robots attacking the base? Its not a problem, because we have more than 40 guns, turrets, tanks, IFVs, helicopters, infantry fighting vehicles in our arsenal and the entire wardrobes of super armor and skins! When I came to, I was in a room I knew nothing of. As I looked around and checked objects, opened doors, operated machines, I slowly gained awareness... Eventually I was able to perform various actions. Monsters have cornered you in the dungeon corridors. Visit unique villages and meet many memorable characters that will help or hinder Vairon on his journey. Experience an old school style adventure with varied gameplay where you will battle demonic creatures, solve puzzles, fight hords of monsters and much more! The coffee's good and the staff is friendly  We are really happy to announce the release of the Linux version of VACCINE WAR. About the Game Vaccine War is an action and adventure videogame where the man-to-man, grenade, and firearm combat is a constant. This title was chosen for its high standard of quality and amazingly positive reviews. The bestselling Dark Parable series continues with The Little Mermaid and the Purple Tide! Lost Route is a driving thriller video game made for room scale VR. Requires a chair to sit in which position is indicated in the game. Features include procedurally generated road, random events, spooky atmosphere and encounters. Matris  is an easy to play but challenging logic puzzle game for everyone - casual and hardcore gamers. Relax in  Puzzle Mode  or fight for the High Score in  Combo Mode  and  Time Attack. Play hundreds of levels or create your own thanks to  Level Editor. is a platform game inspired by the old classics. Featuring original game mechanics,  Where's my Helmet? Classic 80s motorcycle racing for the next generation. Blaze across the 9 beautiful locations of Moto RKD Dash universe: from 'Zenith Hill', through 'Ocean Gate' all the way to 'Caon Del Silencio' and beyond. Turn your gaming into a journey between worlds and emotions with the amazing trance music of world renowned composer Kliment and the cosmic sounds of Approxima Astrolabos. Thank you for your interest in our project. The idea of the game originated back in 2015. Be prepared for an action-filled challenging puzzle experience! Seven: The Days Long Gone is a 3D isometric RPG in which players will get a chance to freely explore the sandbox world of Vetrall Empire. Set in a 'beyond post-apocalyptic' environment the title will redefine how the isometric RPG genre is played. Climbing system implemented in  Seven:TDLG  gives you the ability of free-traversing obstacles, of any height horizontally and vertically. Galaxy Golf is a planetary mini-golf course thats easy to pick up and play. Begin by exploring Pleasant Hills and enjoy a mellow course with a pastoral vibe. Earn money, fame and honor in this addictive strategy game. Construct an idyllic ancient Roman city with plenty of houses and keep your residents happy by providing all the services they need. Gone are the days of imagining you and your friends as fit duck-men slapping a bass with wooden boards. Now, its still impossible, but with Dont Drop the Bass, you are a step closer. Cooperate and keep the bass in the air for as long as possible or compete to become the bass emperor. Late Blooming is a romantic comedy about drama and tragedy set in Thais, a quiet little town lost in the world. You will have to play the role of the protagonist, an ordinary young man whose life has given him a second chance. Your mission will be to guide the protagonist in his decisions, and figure out the mysteries that hide inside the hearts of the three girls. If youve ever had a dream of flying, wanted to feel the wind in your hair, wanted to soar and dive among trees of the forest, race trains and cruise perilously close to dangerous volcanoes, then this game is for you. Flap your little wings to take off from your cozy nest, and embark on an adventure as you fly through the world, passing through peaceful forests, Persian cities, volcanic vistas and more. Earning bonus points and multipliers along the way, flying high will earn you that ever so valuable 2x bonus, but you can't stay up there forever as the air's too thin to flap. Home of conservatives, alcoholic politicians, serial killers, violent police and other citizens of the modern colonial civilization. From an early age you have longed to see the world, to become the master of your own life... To become an urban pirate. There is a room with an old table. You dont remember who designed it and with what purpose, but you know that it hides a game - a game with a secret. However, great videos need great audio, and PowerDirector Ultimate Suite provides an advanced audio studio,  AudioDirector, which offers end-to-end audio editing, mixing, recording and production tools. To control the mood and tone of your video, PowerDirector also features  ColorDirector, professional-grade color grading software. Rexodus: A VR Story Experience is based on the Dark Horse Graphic Novel Rexodus. This is a VR narrative experience set in a universe where dinosaurs didn't go extinct, they left Earth. Those dinosaurs, utilizing their own advanced technology, are traversing the galaxy. Moto, a rogue emoticon is about to be replaced when a new upgrade is downloaded and as a result, he is set to be deleted. Rather than give up, he decides to escape via a floppy disc to freedom! Kingspray is a graffiti simulator for the HTC Vive. Let your artistic skills free by spray painting on real-life surfaces without the fear of getting locked up! The VIVE Motion Controllers allow for a precision and true-to-life feeling, all in awesome Room-Scale so you can move around your space to view your creation from all angles. About the Game Welcome to Rec Room, the virtual reality social club where you play active games against competitors from all around the world. It's New Year's Day, 2319, and the happy denizens of K Station are disappearing one at a time. Watch out for blocks of ice and the edge of the track or you'll explode into a scattered pile of parts. It's all about speed and skill. Feel  like a velociraptor -- this is our central design goal. Procedural levels: a pleasing blend of hand-crafted locales and randomization. The battle between humans and the devil was a very long time. The victory was for the humanity many years ago. The sectarians tried to summon Satan, but it was in vain. Might and Delight  in collaboration with  SPELKRAFT  invites you to explore a world lush with colour and punctuated by the tranquil sounds of a melodic soundtrack. Welcome to the world of Pan-Pan! Pan-Pan is an open plain adventure that expands on the concept of environmental narrative storytelling with puzzle solving and exploration elements at its core. Ortus Regni is a new and novel card game inspired by the late Anglo-Saxon period of English history. Kickstarter and Free Prequel for a limited time  Hi everyone! In order to thank all the supporters who are helping us with our Kickstarter campaign, we decided to let you play our Prequel for free! This offer will last a month! Car Car Crash invites you to play with toy cars like you always imagined. Peak around the corners of building as the cars zip by on the streets of the miniature towns and cities! Stand tall to get a birds eye view to see it all! An action game GHRIAN allows players to act as heros in a plage-striken world which is horrific but still beautiful. This collection of original PC games will be released globally, with all profits being donated to the cause. Originally announced in September 2015, the  HELP: THE GAME  project is a global game jam, with each of the 11 participating dev studios or teams dedicating six days to creating an original game. The 58th year of Shouwa, early summer. Its June, and the summer heat has arrived earlier than it does most years. By day there are crickets, and by night there are cicadas. Take a deep breath and dive to live an epic journey through the depths! UnderWater Adventure  is a 3d action game, with a little part of puzzle. Take your little sub,collect the gold ingot and go back to the surface. The classic maze based strategic bombing game is back. Earth is invaded by aliens and you are in charge of your robotic soldier to defend it. Navigate your way through the maze and destroy the aliens and their bases by strategically placing bombs. The Narrator is a  is a challenging parody narration platformer. In this game the narrator is always trying to mess you up, or is he? He lies and cheats and tells jokes and its up to you as the Player to survive in this already dangerous land all the while a voice from above tries to ruin it all... This is a Chinese Visual Novel. Because of the workload, English subtitles are not included now. Sorry and thank you for your understanding! Most stories end with the death of the protagonist. Guide Xzus through the immortal realm as he recruits spirits to the cause, takes on waves of increasingly-difficult foes and finally defeat the gatekeeper in order to return to the realm of the living! Miko Mole on PC features charismatic Miko with a passion for shiny gems, who is on a mission to become master thief by collecting enough diamonds on each level to open its exit to progress. The game contains 6 challenging environments with 40 levels per world for an impressive 240 total levels. Dig down, dig deep, and uncover precious gems for Miko, but be careful, as each level requires quick reflexes and cunning strategy to avoid the many obstacles, surprises, traps and tricky puzzles, not to mention the many enemies such as bats, skunks and rats. Rapid Squirrel is an arcade 3D runner with some crazy squirrel on board! Fly your character over very fun and entertaining levels in search of acorns! Make your way through obstacles and achieve a squirrel goal! Fight your way through endless waves of randomly generated madness! Collect spaceships and show the enemy who's boss! More than a game, Autumn is a relaxing place for spiritual learning and growth with a soothing atmosphere. In each game you play as a Spirit which depends on the natural world for its progress in life. As you help the world around you to thrive, you receive vital energy in return. Cosmic Dust   Rust is a tower defence game set in space with 2 stages of game play: The first stage is 'Ship management', where the player must upgrade the internal parts of his or her ship. You can build and upgrade turrets and defence systems. You can also undergo side missions. Wyatt Derp 2 is a brand new action game with a new look on the original with more influence from a top down view perspective for those who really enjoyed games like gunsmoke. You play Wyatt Derp a ruthless lawman out for justice! Journey through the wild west blasting through towns and shooting holes into every criminal around. Shock Tactics is a single player turn-based sci-fi strategy game with tactical combat, exploration, squad management and base building. It is inspired by the space western style of Firefly and tactic games like Jagged Alliance and X-COM. You are a trailblazer for the first wave of the free Space Pioneers that are exploring an ancient alien homeworld. Winged Knights is an arcade style flying competition between the feuding knights of future! Currently three different levels of opponents are in game, randomly placed barriers, local-co op or versus is up to you! One major problem to watch out for are the stalactite formations on the ceiling of the caverns of combat as you may get stuck! In a world gone crazy with aggressive sea life. Only one mini sub stands between man's survival and total annihilation . Help MAS advance through the seas and cleanse the rabid hordes of radioactive tainted lifeforms! Wyatt Derp is a brand new action game with inspiration from old school games like gun smoke and blood brothers. You play Wyatt Derp a ruthless lawman out for justice! Journey through the wild west blasting through towns and shooting holes into every criminal around. Your kingdom is under siege by a evil cult of wizards ruled by mighty overlords! Protect your lands from the legions of the overlords with a variety of special attacks and upgrades! Complete bonus rounds to gather crystals to spend on upgrades for your wizard! The old doll factory was legendary. For years it turned out simple toys that children loved, but technology made a change and kids wanted things with more gadgets and the factory fell into disrepair. Most of the toys were sent away, but some had been left behind. In the ruins of the fallen Adal Empire, you awaken with a mysterious mask on your face, and faint recollections of an esoteric ceremony. Freeing you from hunger, thirst, and even death, the mask is the creation of the Guides, the rulers of these lands, who have placed you here to determine whether you are worthy of becoming part of the elite corps of Absolvers. As you wander these forsaken lands, encountering other Prospects like you, you will learn new combat styles, acquire weapons, gear and armor, and build a team of warriors with whom to fight side by side in Arenas of combat. In an instant a strange alien steals our protagonist his favorite thing! Finish this impossible platformer, return the cap back! About the Game  Physic Monster is a beautiful and captivating 2D arcade with dozens of various levels. The main character - the jelly monster has to reach the ground and stay on it for 5 seconds. BallisticNG is a free anti-gravity racing game. You can play as a variety of teams competing in the 2159 Anti-Gravity League, each with their own unique vehicles. Visually the game emulates the limitations of the Playstation One hardware and a lot of care has been made into making sure it looks authentic while including more modern graphic techniques. Bullet Life, originally released in 2010, was the very first video game ever published with the design as a full on 3D Bullet Hell Shooter. This is our first ever game, brought back from the archives. Fly through the skies as and blast your way through enemies with a more stratify based shooting system! Can you master the puzzle of the tower as an apprentice wizard? Choose from direct damage, summoning, trap and healing spells as you conquer the monsters of the tower. By the time the satellites had all fallen to Earth in the course of a single evening, it was too late. The armies of the world were no match, their ability to fight crippled by years of digital manipulation. The NADI Project it is a graphic adventure, inspired by the already best-known successes of  The Vanishing of Ethan Carter  and of  Ether One, in which you will face various obstacles. In this adventure, you will be catapulted into a reality set in a future not too far away. You will play Jeremy Parker, a famous businessman in his field, but forced by misfortune to go where money has no value. Dont follow several and odd sophistical doctrines that spread pestiferous seeds  wrote Clement VI himself in the year 1346 to the masters and alumni from Paris University. The Pontifex addressed in his letters to the doctrine of an illustrious Franciscan monk of English origin named William of Occam, who ran away several years earlier from the prison of Avignon, accused of heresy. Candy Blast literally is the sweetest chain-reaction puzzle game, once you get started, you won't stop. In the game you have to kill pastries, which shoot in 4 directions, starting the chain-reaction. Everyone will be trapped by this game. Anomalie is a cinematic first-person experience that tells the story of a routine space delivery gone wrong. As a short-range cargo pilot, most jobs are the same. But a harmless-looking space anomaly near your ship threatens to make this delivery anything but normal. Pixel Day - Gun Z - is a mix of action and survival game. Here you can create your own things move on cars to play in cooperative mode with friends. Players should look for supplies, build fortifications, and also have the opportunity to shoot not only a zombie, but also other players. The Magical Silence  is a small surreal quest about imagination. This is a very strange game. Sometimes she is very kind and sometimes very sad. Ping Ping is an interactive novel. The game doesnt have music, buttons to smash, nor does it have zombies to kill. Instead it has a psychologically based story and choices that will create twists and turns throughout the game. Second Coming is a sci-fi cartoon gamebook with turn-based 3D battles . It is a sci-fi adventure where you and your team explore an alien ship and uncovers its secrets. This game will appeal to both gamebook enthusiasts as more traditional gamers - extending the gamebook format with digital effects and narration. Mary Elisabeth Riley is to be wed to sir Charles Gilbertworth on the eve of her 21st birthday. She is reluctant, as the marriage was arranged and she does not feel its the time or the place  or the man for that matter. She, as a growing number of women of her age, wants to make something more out of herself, and becoming a housewife is not exactly what she had in mind. Bloxyz players ranging from small kids to grandmothers/dads are all captivated by its friendly, intuitive and recognizable gameplay and ever more challenging levels. Have you ever dreamed yourself as a zombie killer? these deadly creatures will try to teach you a lesson! Descend into the darkness below and find the treasure. Fall too far and die so grab onto walls with your climbing axe. Kalonline is the Oriental Fantasy MMORPG for the most hardcore players. Have you ever heard about Oriental Fantasy? It is very difficult and funny! Prepare yourself for a first person shooter with full motion video cutscenes! In this game, you will play as a random French Canadian who need to infiltrate a North Korean base with his friend Jesus. Will this dude succeed his quest ? In Global Soccer Manager there are no restrictions, the whole world becomes playable! Do you want to reach one of the top leagues starting from the Costa Rican 2nd division? Or from the Ugandan 3rd division? You enter the Holodaze arena armed with your power balls and your trusty teleporter to see how long you can survive. Beholder  is a simulation of the life of an ordinary human being at the frightening dystopian World where the State controls every aspect of private and social life. You are a State-installed manager of a busy apartment complex and your main goal is to spy upon your rentals so peeping and eavesdropping is a job. You must enter the dwellings of your tenants while they're at work or simply out of apartments, install hidden surveillance equipment, and search their rooms for anything that threatens the authority of the State. The Hero and his beloved wife, Bright Light, have been on many thrilling quests together, but none that can match the excitement that lies ahead when an earthquake gives rise to dozens of new islands. As you guide the Hero on a dangerous expedition to explore these unseen lands, you'll encounter ghost pirates, sleeping giants, and ancient gods! Crush Online is a Free-to-Play PVP MMO with MOBA-style combat in a persistent world. Participate not just in single matches, but an epic war! Choose between one of three factions and many distinct characters with tons of different weapon setups and enjoy truly spectacular and tactically challenging combat with and against other players or NPCs. Welcome to the exciting world of MTB rides! Prepare yourself for the madness of downhill! Dangerous and difficult trails await you. Reflection of Mine is a dark puzzle video game about the multiple personality disorder. Control two personalities at the same moment! The entire game takes place in the broken mind of Lilly Witchgan and the goal is to discover who is real  Lilly herself or one of her many personalities. You think your life is tough? Meet Johnny Graves - The Unchosen One. Steam Greenlight  Thank you so much to everyone that supported KNIGHTS! Why don't I try making my own? In Overture, magic can cure all diseases, but not those of the mind. Society looks down on those whose illnesses are incurable by magic, and these  lunatics  must stay in madhouses until they recover their sanityif they ever do. But no one has a worse madness than 13-year-old Janisnot even those who long for death, or live in constant fear, or see and hear the unrealbecause in a city where everyone can use magic, Janis alone can't. So Much Blood  is an action-packed side shooter filled with countless challenges, baddies, and bosses! Supercharge your armor, discover new powerful weapons, and kick some ass, as you fight through treacherous hordes of enemies. Plunder ghost ships for cursed treasure! Battle the Crown Navy, sea monsters, and other bloodthirsty pirates on a quest to rival the Pirate King himself! Choice of the Pirate  is a fast-paced swashbuckler of an interactive novel by Alana Joli Abbott, author of  Choice of Kung Fu  and  Showdown at Willow Creek. It's time for Cally to do what she does best: rescuing her kidnapped parents! Set before the events of Cally's Caves 3, Cally's Trials is a roguelike action-platformer with a weapon-levelling system that lets you evolve weapons as you use them. Cally must save her parents from the maniacal Herbert, who has laid waste to the Caves and built a massive lair deep inside. The game is about a robot in a robot factory.Our robot wants to escape from this factory because it has consciousness and factory wants to destroy it. - As players progress through levels, new upgrades will be unlocked. - By the help of new upgrades, player may reach inaccessible places. Zero-G VR is specially designed to have the ultimate VR high-speed game simulation. Zero-G VR has been built using the acclaimed engine Unreal 4 to create the next generation VR games, incredible graphics, and dynamic light effects to ensure you have the best gaming experience! In this game, you will play as an astronaut using an Astronaut Maneuvering Unit, a propulsion unit that allows the astronaut to perform spacewalks at a distance from the shuttle. Mahjong Destiny  is a challenging mahjong game telling the story of a young maiden on her quest to meet up with her loved one. Join her as she embarks on her adventure solving classic Chinese mahjong puzzles. Inspired by the works of Irish poet Thomas Moore, the game includes 74 puzzles to complete with up to 300 tiles to match. Beeftacular is a fast-paced platformer where you play as a chunk of beef that has to clean all levels from rotten flesh as fast as possible by using melee slash attacks, ranged projectile attacks and the environment. You only have a few seconds per level before you dry out and have to restart. You have to be quick and precise. Pick up a gun and have fun, don't forget to look around and experience everything Gun Range VR has to offer. You never know when you will find something new to play with. Vision of Aurora Borealis is a visual novel about a young photographer who travels to Iceland in search of the northern lights. He is angry at himself for being so unskilled in this art, but then he meets a mysterious, hostile young girl who changes his outlook on life and aspirations. With 3D Pool you can enjoy the ultimate billiards and pool experience in the comfort of your own home! Step up to the virtual table and show what you can do with a cue! In addition to the pool hall classic eight-ball, you can also play nine-ball, ten-ball and even snooker! Planet Driller is a mining game where you need to find DarkMatter in order to save the earth. To do this, drill your way through a procedurally generated planet full of minerals that you can sell for cash, then use the cash to upgrade your ship and make the job a lot easier! Planet Earth needs the recently discovered DarkMatter only found in another galaxy. CapRiders: Euro Soccer  is an arcade local-multiplayer soccer game featuring 12 playable european teams that can be played by up to 22 people on the same screen! Cooperate with your teammates in this massive local-multiplayer soccer game and score more goals than your opponents to win the match! In CapRiders, each player will take control of a footballer and try to win their way in a variety of stadiums, each with their own twists and peculiarities, such as: Flipper Arena, Pool Palace, Circle Garden, Infinite Stadium and more! Tracks of Triumph: Industrial Zone is a cartoonish strategy game where the player is in control of a small shiny tank fighting it's way through 25 different stages with a goal to clear each one by destroying all the enemies before they destroy it. It includes various weapons, abilities and tactical strategies. The game also offers a couple of pretty challenging boss fights. Porfirio's amazing adventures in the countryside. Porfirio is a cat - sluggard and a philosopher, family pet, just a common cat happily living with an ordinary family in a city. His lazy and ordinary life is interrupted because his little mistress is going to the countryside for the whole summer to visit her grandparents, and of course she is taking her best friend Porfirio with her. Plunge into court politics and change the course of history, or pursue a love affair that rocks the kingdom to its foundations! Affairs of the Court  is an epic interactive fantasy novel by Heather Albano and Adam Strong-Morse. It's a tale of romance, deception and court intrigue, where your choices control the story. Which is better - shotgun, pistol or AK-47? Blast their rotten, infected brains out and choose your favorite! Command your young hero Theodoric, whose family was slaughtered by the evil King Frank Kalap. Build up your empire through story driven missions. Ridge - it's an adventure horror game developed by one person, inspired by real events. You will come face to face with danger, riddles and mysteries, against the background of beautiful scenery and terrible caves and dungeons. Ping Pong VR is a simulator that thanks to VR technology, and with the help of SteamVR Controllers, brings a ping pong table into your lounge. Using 1:1 scale with virtual reality, you will have the sensation of play ping pong in reality: Virtual reality teleports you inside voxel-style environments that until today you could only dream to visit. Each environment is styled as a stadium with fully animated audience members making for more immersive and addictive gameplay. Astroderps is a fun puzzle game for all ages. The objective is to solve puzzles that guide your Astroderps to safety. You can move blocks to create a path, extinguish fires, build bridges, and deflect projectiles. Beat Ninja is a rhythm based VR game that has you cutting up music like never before. Slice through the music notes as the fly at you from all angles while a tower defense mini-game plays out to your actions. Chess for your Vive is here, play on a life sized board and improve your chess skills against the AI. Deep Space Dash is a first person futuristic space runner that will challenge your focus and dexterity. You're a convict in an Intergalactic High-Security Prison, at an unknown location. You have managed to escape your cell and you discover an unmanned security shuttle, jump in and don't look back! Haven Moon will transport you to a mysterious world where you have to explore abandoned islands and solve their secrets to find a treasure. In this Myst-like game inspired by Jules Vernes universe, use your senses and intelligence to find your way through secret passages and curious machinery. In our universe, you have to not only reach the finish line, you have to overcome difficult obstacles in a colorful world, held level by level to give an unforgettable experience. This arcade platformer for all hardcore lovers of toys. Simple and addictive time killer with lots of interesting setting in which a lot of different levels. King Frederick III and his army invade the Sacred Realm to gain control of the Fairy Spring, which, as legend has it, grants the eternal life. So inhabitants of the Sacred Realm summon three Keepers to protect their homeland. You see, it's a series of minigames within the game and they're all tied together by a growing and riveting storyline that'll entertain you, challenge you, scare you, and keep you guessing! The environment then shifts and trans-cedes in the second half in a more ambiguous low gravity planet surface type, the experience has it's roots in the Jonah and the whale biblical story and in the depths of Europa Jupiter's moon. Rivais Em Batalha  is a multiplayer shooter game in third person where you play as an alien animal warrior against your rival race for territory conquests. This is a game that values team unity and therefore does not show the scores of the players in the match to find out who killed more or died less. Only interests is the team's success. Future improvements include tightened boxing mechanics, more visual polish, more opponents, more venues, cheering crowds, and more. Currently there is only one full opponent, but more will be added once the fighting mechanics are stable enough that fights won't require large reworking. Pengame is an action-platformer with a unique, completely hand-drawn aesthetic style. Take on dozens of enemies utilising everything in your arsenal  ranged and melee weapons, special powers, acrobatic skills and even time manipulating abilities. Keep the combat fluid, dont get hit, and murder everything that gets between you and your goal! WarZone  is a multiplayer First Person Shooter game. It's about a unique world, different rules and a different style! The main idea is that all players enjoy their time without having any weapon at the start of the game ..., but everything will change once you hear the alarm ... 8 players go through 4 gates !! I'm a 16 year old game developer. I'm working on a fun game for HTC Vive. Bowl VR is a high quality bowling simulation for virtual reality. It features roomscale bowling with realistic physics, high resolution graphics, and smooth controls. This is the best way to experience bowling without taking a trip to the bowling alley. Orbital Strike: Arena is a team-based, online shooter for the HTC Vive. We're creating nothing less than the premier multiplayer game for virtual reality. Battle your way across no man's land and enemy AI drones. In the roomscale VR wavegame  Orc Hunter  you have to defend yourself against hordes of orcs. Even though the game is still in the development phase, you can download the demo to find out what Orc Hunter is capable of, right now. It is the first stable version since the beginning of this project. Eliosi's Hunt is a sci-fi top-down shooter and platformer with a unique universe, challenging gameplay and beautifully crafted graphics. You play as Eliosi, an ingenious young zelicyan who dreams of becoming a bounty hunter, but completing his first contract will be more challenging than he thinks. During your journey, you will face monsters from nature, mutated creatures, bloodthirsty tribes, natural phenomena, a robot army and more. It is a VR Experience where you need to find clues to solve puzzles and find your way out. There are some items that can be grabbed and carried around. So you think you are pretty good at throwing ping pong balls into plastic cups? Well we will see about that hot shot. Welcome to VeeR Pong, where you can test your skills against others at any time of day  Table Tennis VR is an authentic and realistic virtual reality game for the HTC Vive. Experience the fun of table tennis with the possibilities of virtual reality. Photo-realistic graphics powered by Unreal Engine 4. Celebrating the recent greenlight of the game we've now added Steam Trading Cards! Play the game, have fun... and collect them all! Cona is adventure platformer game in the open world. Here you can explore the castle and it's surroundings, placed on island that disconnected from other world. You should use a bow to fight with enemies that settled in the castle. Hypnorain is a vertical bullet hell shooter. The player guides a character through handcrafted levels, shooting and dodging their way through an army of enemies and their mesmerizing bullet patterns. Each stage is divided into two parts - it starts with you being thrown into an area full of varied enemies and ends with an intense boss fight. Do you remember Thrill rides in amusement parks or local fairs? What if such an experience would be available for VR headsets ? The Wire Loop Game VR brings this traditional well known game into virtual reality. It requires the HTC Vive and one motion controller to play it. The aim of the game is to guide the metal hoop along the length of the wire without it touching. Degica is pleased to announce their latest installment to the 'Maker' series of game development tools, Visual Novel Maker. Intrude is a first-person shooter inspired by old FPS titles like Wolfenstein 3D and Doom. There is an old underground base, abandoned long time ago, suddenly taken over by some kind of private military and emitting a strange signal. Your mission is to get in, find your way up through fifteen levels in one of three game modes and destroy the source of that signal. Lance A Lot is a local party game that pits 4 friends against each other in GLORIOUS rocket-powered combat! Fly across the sky on a noble rocket steed and use your lance to send worthy adversaries plummeting towards the ground. In the end there can only be one knight left standing! In a land far away lies the Swan Kingdom. Ruled by the Swan Princess, this prosperous community exists to protect the mythical Dire Tree, root of all life. Every year Goddess Flora would hold a ceremony here, using the magical seed to regenerate the land and grant new life. Imagine yourself waking up in a vast, strange land, having no memory of your past. This is the basic premise for Momento Temporis: Light from the Deep. Hania wakes up all alone in a forest having no clue where she is, or even who she is. Enjoy the realistic RC car physics engine of these mini cars on different routes, in various lighting conditions, indoor and outdoor! Prove your driving skills early, so that you have soon enough money to buy new faster RC models and other routes. Inversium is a puzzle game in black and white colors where you need to use your brain and memory to find out the right way to finish. Using the simple but powerful map editor you can build any battle map you want. You can also use the 3D maps with table projectors and Screen in table systems. Welcome to the Moon Colonization Project, game about space mission - colonizate the Moon! 6 heroes from USSR volunteered to  live on the Moon,  explore  it and  settle  it! Imagine those classic handhelds had a keyboard and a game like this. Push The Crate is a  3D transport puzzle game with 100 level. The player pushes crates around, trying to get them to the target locations. Push The Crate is build with Unreal Engine 4 and privides a 3D top down view aswell as a 3rd Person view and is available on Microsoft Windows 7 and above. The game begins after a mysterious man hiring a night security firm to work in her apartment. But the staff did not expect, fear and madness behind this place. One day you decide to change your life and open up new business related to the production of clothing. Dark basement, which do not penetrate the sun's rays, cheap tables from KIEA and bought on sale of equipment that barely works. Only hard work separates you and your employees from wealth and fame now. Inverted is a new game that calling for amazement and joy of people who like stretch their brains. The main character of this puzzle by mysterious accident find himself in a castle full of solitude, fear and oblivion. Moreover his charismatic appearance and charm, he has a skill of changing gravity by his own will to avoid different traps and dangerous obstacles. This country needs more than a building right now. Have you ever thought about the speed with which flies a stone launched from a slingshot? In this game a stone - You! You have to go through tremendous stresses on your body and get positive emotions! Returning to his castle he curses all the land. Now hordes of ghosts and the undead wander freely, haunting the people of the realm. Always Higher is a single-player sci-fi adventure shooter. The future semi-destroyed world is divided into hundreds of districts competing with each other. Line/Dash  is an Arcade-oriented game that doubles as a procedural player-controlled multimedia sculpture. The basic gameplay is extremely simple, and only requires two buttons: The left click of your mouse will drop  lines  from the sky, while the right click will make those lines  dash  forward. As the pace of the opposition gets faster and the line start splitting and crossing  Line/Dash  becomes a hypnotic and ever-changing visual experience. Destiny of Ancient Kingdoms  is a free, action MMORPG based on the legends of Norse Mythology. An epic story-line, action-packed combat and classic multiplayer roleplaying elements await strong warriors who are courageous enough to enter the New World! Explore and defend your Kingdom from enemies so that it never falls into a state of chaos and destruction. Fast-paced destruction, like Rampage meets Dynasty Warriors, or Godzilla on crack! Puzzle Nebula is a mind-bending puzzle game set in the far corners of space. When you wake up, you find yourself in space, trapped inside a weird machine. The storyline begin at Another World. Astral Spirit summon player to an Astral Portal because of his ability of super spirits. If you like bricks breaker games DUO is for you! Now you can immerse yourself in a virtual world with classic retro game. It is just a red tomato with a stupid hat. He tries to look like a cool tomb rider, rolling and jumping all over the maps. Help him find all the treasures in the mystic castle or watch him die...in many painful ways. Navigate the beauty and hazards of the solar system while riding on a wave of light in this innovative action-puzzle game. On your journey to restore light to a dying galaxy being consumed by a Singularity, you'll travel from Pluto to the Sun and interact with a wide variety of strange objects, and mind-bending situations that will affect the path of your wave, and the world around you, in interesting ways. Simple to play but difficult to master, Waveform combines the pure fun of retro arcade titles with all the modern bells and whistles of modern gaming. Snapshot is the tale of a lone robot lost in an abandoned world. Armed with only his trusty camera, Pic sets forth on his great adventure.     The Bridge is a 2D logic puzzle game that forces you to reevaluate your preconceptions of physics and perspective. It is Isaac Newton meets M. C. Escher. Manipulate gravity to redefine the ceiling as the floor while venturing through impossible architectures. Conflict spans the stars as huge robot armies are locked in an enduring stalemate. In their bid for galactic supremacy, they call upon the most powerful group of mercenaries in the universe: the Awesomenauts! Tasked with rescuing the universe one bullet at a time against overwhelming hordes of time traveling enemies, Serious Sam must battle through thick jungles, murky swamps, frozen tundra, and futuristic cities to bring down Mental and his vile armies.     Hack, slash, and smash your way to victory in this newly updated edition of the insanely popular 2D arcade adventure from The Behemoth! Up to four friends can play locally or online and save your princess, defend your kingdom, and crash some castles! With the new Barbarian Makeover Update, Castle Crashers now delivers uncapped framerate and a new Ultra texture quality mode. Developed by lone designer Rich Edwards with music created by legendary chiptune artist Syphus, Pineapple Smash Crew is a fast paced tactical blast-em-up! Level up and choose wisely from an assortment of devastating grenade-launched weaponry... PSC's unique modern-retro flavour will take you back to the classics of old then smash you back into the present with a 'ka-boom!' Get ready for the ultimate treasure hunt! Your shop, Rusted Gold, has shelves to fill, auctions to run, and money to makeand you can only do that with the best finds. Check out the dozens of locations from run-down farms to back road antique shops to abandoned storage units to see if you can stumble upon your next great treasure.     From the dust of a gold mine to the dirt of a saloon, Call of Juarez Gunslinger is a real homage to the Wild West tales. Live the epic and violent journey of a ruthless bounty hunter on the trail of the Wests most notorious outlaws. Blurring the lines between man and myth, this adventure made of memorable encounters unveils the untold truth behind some of the greatest legends of the Old West. Command a team of 5 elite soldiers against an alien horde of 100,000. Surrounded on all sides, you must outmaneuver and outsmart the enemy. The enemy is closing in around you. Thrilling action role playing game, Confrontation, lets you lead a Griffin Elite Squad in missions through the territory of the fearsome Scorpion creatures, the terrible Wolfen packs, or the brutal Bran--Kor Orcs. Along with a perilous solo campaign and numerous secondary missions, recruit Elite warriors that will fight by your side and build the best squad to complete your mission objectives!     Rotastic is an addictive 2D arcade game, offering accessible, innovative and original gameplay, and a huge dose of fun without taking itself too seriously. Behind very simple swinging mechanics hides a deep gameplay with numerous possibilities to challenge your reflexes, ingenuity, and skills! Collect items, escape deadly traps, send your opponents flying to their doom, smash bricks, execute aerial acrobatics, burst chickens to dust and feathers, or top the fastest speedruns! The Deep Black : Reloaded is a video game in the Action genre . Deep Black features extensive gameplay  that offers a mix of terrestrial and underwater battles, which so far has no direct analogues in this genre in the global video games market. The sci-fi project with detailed action-packed underwater combats will feature a new trend in TPS genre. Babel Rising lets you play as a God and use your powers to prevent humans from building the Tower of Babel. Hurl bolts of lightning, cause massive earthquakes, or unleash gigantic floods upon the Babylonians. Prevent humans from building three different towers of Babel throughout different historic eras, in 15 single-player missions across 4 game modes. Men of War: Condemned Heroes tells the story of one of the infamous Soviet penal battalions during the WWII. These battalions are famous for being formed under Stalins  No step back! The Next Installment to the Award-Winning RTS. While many were hopeful that diplomacy would finally end the war, differing opinions on what should be done, along with the depleted power of the controlling factions, has led to a splintering of the groups involved. The loyalist members of the Trader Emergency Coalition adopt a policy of isolation, focusing on enhanced defenses to ride out the rest of the war. The lands are fragmented into petty fiefs and the Emperor struggles with the Pope. At this very moment the Pope has declared that those who go to liberate the Holy Land will be freed of all sins. Yes, the cult-classic returns with all the fast-paced action you expect from the franchise, mixed with modern visuals and multi-player online experiences. Discover  the magical universe with one of the three battle modes. Or play the never release game, Ghostlop, for the ultimate gaming experience! Lumino City is a BAFTA award-winning handmade puzzle adventure game. By exploring the city, and using your ingenuity piece together all sorts of puzzling mechanisms to help the people who live in its unique world. Discover gardens in the sky, towers marooned high on an immense waterwheel, and houses dug precariously into cliffs. In a control scheme brand new to the series, yet wholly familiar to gamers, the player is given complete freedom to move about the screen wherever they desire, interacting with the music in brand new ways. The arrow keys control CommanderVideo while the mouse allows you to fire anywhere on screen! Or if you prefer, plug in a controller for dual-stick shooting action! The BIT.TRIP series comes full-circle with BIT.TRIP FLUX, CommanderVideo's final adventure. Get ready for classic paddle-based gameplay as CommanderVideo returns to the source. Whether a hardened BIT.TRIP veteran or a brave new contender, you'll be faced with new challenges that will make even the most experienced BIT.TRIPPERS weep. Dishonored is an immersive first-person action game that casts you as a supernatural assassin driven by revenge. With Dishonoreds flexible combat system, creatively eliminate your targets as you combine the supernatural abilities, weapons and unusual gadgets at your disposal. Pursue your enemies under the cover of darkness or ruthlessly attack them head on with weapons drawn. Rocksmith Real Tone Cable   The Rocksmith Real Tone Cable is not included with the purchase of Rocksmith on Steam and must be purchased separately. Please see your local retailer or many online stores to purchase the Rocksmith Real Tone Cable. Rocksmith requires a unique 1/4"-t- USB cable, that is the first of its kind, which allows users to plug any real guitar with a quarter-inch jack directly into their console or PC. Test your PC's performance with 3DMark, the world's most popular gaming benchmark and graphics test. Featuring six stunning real-time graphics and physics tests, 3DMark 11 is the industry standard performance test for DirectX 11 graphics cards and gaming PCs. Hundreds of press publications use 3DMark to test graphics cards, processors, gaming PCs, notebooks and laptops. Gratuitous Tank Battles  is a unique hybrid of tower-defense, strategy, simulation and RTS. Set in an alternate history timeline where World War I never ends, you are the commander of allied forces fighting right up to the year 2114, where Mechs and lasers are used alongside tanks and rifles. The war continues across Europe, with the allied commanders still locked into the optimistic patriotism of the 1900s. Now With Zombie Mode:  After having a fun and merry undescribed time in the woods, the legionnaires need a Helicopter ride home. They discover a creepy cabin in the woods and decide to call a helicopter. Whilst summoning the helicopter, they accidentally summoned the evil forces of hell as well!     The Caribbean, in the turbulent 17th Century. The mighty kingdoms of Spain, England, France and the Netherlands fight over the colonies. And there you are, a young sea captain whose only goal is to become the most powerful man in the New World. Become the greatest detective of all time in The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, a twisting, turning investigation game set in a faithfully-reproduced London of 1898. Suspected in a case involving theft, fraud and double-crossing, Sherlock Holmes will undergo a descent into hell in what will doubtlessly become one of his most thrilling cases yet. As Plug, you are charged with restoring the expansive Amp-Tree-System, and thwarting an enigmatic intruder. Solve puzzles and explore in 1000 Amps! Welcome to EverQuest  - the online game that started it all! No other MMO matches EverQuest's content that includes 18 expansions, plus the original base game. Now, in its unprecedented sixteenth year, EverQuest continues to add immersive gameplay, captivating storytelling and exciting worlds full of mystery and adventure. In this Insanely Twisted, 2-D action-adventure game, explore unique environments and battle bizarre creatures as you make your way toward the center of the mysterious Shadow Planet! Solve complex puzzles and upgrade your ship with alien technology as you fight to save your home world. The island of Arulco is free; however, there are other countries under the shadow of war that are ignored by the rest of the world. Khanpaa, a peaceful and tranquil nation, is being held in the terrifying iron grip of a group of paid mercenariesyet the United Nations looks the other way. In an all-new, completely revamped LUXOR Evolved, the chains are faster, the power-ups more awesome, the shooters more stealthy. In this retro-styled arcade shooter, youll experience a faster, more intense LUXOR, unlike any youve seen before. Revisiting the arcade classics, LUXOR Evolved is action packed with 65 unique levels, addicting effects and sound tracks. After captivating players from all around the world with the mythic Runaway trilogy,  Pendulo Studios  presents a new adventure gaming masterpiece! This thrilling mystery, presenting a unique, dark and somber style, will not leave you indifferent! The classic particle puzzler finally arrives on Steam! Turn light into sound in this multi-award winning game. Auditorium is about the process of discovery and play. Play with the fate of Legends in a battle of wits, strategy and combat where lives are gambled on the turn of your cards. Defeat your challengers, expand and master your deck, earn rewards and customize your Legends as you write and re-write your story in the Chronicle. Chronicle: RuneScape Legends offers a unique strategic twist on card games.      You can now buy  Tiny   Big  in a bundle with our latest offering,  About Love, Hate   the other ones! If you double down on that offer, you will also receive  Leschek's Flight, a comic book from the  Tiny   Big Expanded Universe! Tag, grind, and trick to the beat in SEGAs hit game Jet Set Radio! Fight for control of Tokyo-to, mark your turf with graffiti, tag walls, billboards, and even rival gang members! Perform tricks and flips on magnetically driven in-line skates, but watch out for the local police force! The time has come to return to Ardania and seek vengeance on those who cast you out. Avernum is one of the great tales of indie gaming, an epic series of fantasy role-playing adventurers set in an enormous, subterranean nation. Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival and wealth in the monster-infested darkness. Avernum 4 is the first chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of your lands struggles in the face of powerful forces that seek to destroy it. Avernum is one of the great tales of indie gaming, an epic series of fantasy role-playing adventurers set in an enormous, subterranean nation. Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival and wealth in the monster-infested darkness. Avernum 5 is the second chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of this lands struggles in the face of powerful forces that seek to destroy it. Avernum is one of the great tales of indie gaming, an epic series of fantasy role-playing adventurers set in an enormous, subterranean nation. Avernum is a land underground, a subterranean nation full of rogues, misfits, and brigands, struggling for survival and wealth in the monster-infested darkness. Avernum 6 is the final chapter in the Great Trials Trilogy, three games that tell the tale of your weary lands final destiny. Owners of Resident Evil 6 on Steam are able to select one of four survivors from Left 4 Dead 2s iconic cast  Coach, Ellis, Nick and Rochelle  when playing PC exclusive mode, The Mercenaries Unlimited No Mercy. Each character will have a special customized weapon load-out created just for use in Resident Evil 6. Welcome to the world of DayZ, hit by a new and presently unknown infection which has wiped out most of the world's population. Explore a beautifully realized universe rendered in a style that is unique and compelling. Engage in space exploration, conquest, plant growth and bio mechanical evolution. iPi Recorder is a software program provided by iPi Soft for capturing, playing back and processing video records from multiple cameras and depth sensors. Captured records can be used for motion tracking. iPi Recorder supports the following cameras and depth sensors. Can Wear Reasonable Casual clothes. Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Own it all in the classic property trading game! Build your fortune as you buy, sell and trade the worlds most famous properties. In Age of Empires II: HD Edition, fans of the original game and new players alike will fall in love with the classic Age of Empires II experience. Explore all the original single player campaigns from both Age of Kings and The Conquerors expansion, choose from 18 civilizations spanning over a thousand years of history, and head online to challenge other Steam players in your quest for world domination throughout the ages. Originally developed by Ensemble Studios and re-imagined in high definition by Hidden Path Entertainment, and Skybox Labs, Microsoft Studios is proud to bring Age of Empires II: HD Edition to Steam! Special Edition  Special Edition purchasers will receive the digital book, The Art of Defense Grid 2, plus the ebook, The Making of Defense Grid 2: The Complete Story Behind the Game by Russ Pitts, and  A Matter of Endurance  audiobook written by Hugo award-winning author Mary Robinette Kowal and performed by the English cast. It is an insight of the concepts and variable directions that the team explored during the game's creation. Super Hexagon is a minimal action game by Terry Cavanagh, with music by Chipzel. Important facts about Hexagons:   Hexagons are first order permutohedrons: The vertices of a hexagon can be formed by permuting the coordinates of the vector . The north pole of the planet Saturn has a hexagonal storm cloud pattern with 8,600 mile long sides, larger than the diameter of Earth. Rocksmith Real Tone Cable  The Rocksmith Real Tone Cable is not included with the purchase of Rocksmith 2014 on Steam and must be purchased separately. Please see your local retailer or many online stores to purchase the Rocksmith Real Tone Cable. Rocksmith requires a unique 1/4 -t- USB cable, that is the first of its kind, which allows users to plug any real guitar with a quarter-inch jack directly into their console or PC.     The Cave is a new adventure game from Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion creator Ron Gilbert, and Double Fine Productions, the award-winning studio behind Psychonauts and Brtal Legend. Assemble your team of three from seven unlikely adventurers, each with their own unique personalities and stories, then descend into the mysterious depths to explore locations including a subterranean amusement park and a medieval castle, not to mention a fully armed and ready-to-launch nuclear tipped ICBM. The Book of Unwritten Tales 2  The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 is out now! the Game The Critter Chronicles tell the story of how adventurer Nate Bonnett and Critter, his hairy sidekick, first met, all set before their appearance in Wilburs and Ivos adventure in The Book of Unwritten Tales. Enjoy a thrilling and hilarious point-and-click adventure in the fantasy world of Aventasia. The Stanley Parable is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. Dive into Puddle, a game unlike any other where you have to guide a puddle of fluid by tilting the environment to the left or right! Play carefully taking friction, gravity and temperature into account, and by using the unique properties of each type of fluid  in a range of original environments. Conserve as much fluid as possible when crossing a variety of obstacles such as burning passageways, carnivorous plants and electric currents! Hamlet or the Last Game without MMORPG Features, Shaders and Product Placement  is the original point-and-click adventure game based on twisted William Shakespeare's Hamlet. Solve logic puzzles and fight with monsters to uncover secrets, punish all the villains and rescue the princess. Available on Steam March 10th - Mushroom Men: Truffle Trouble  Mushroom Men: Truffle Trouble will be available on Steam on March 10th! Truffle Trouble is a unique game featuring Pax, the hero of Mushroom Men, that combines classic platforming action with imaginative puzzle-solving as you must move, stack, and use objects to create new paths to jump and clamber on, all while the besotted Truffle Princess draws ever closer. About the Game Mushroom Men: Truffle Trouble is a unique platforming game featuring Pax, the hero of Mushroom Men. Based on THE NESTS CHRONICLES, this title includes the most characters of any title in KOF history.     Resident Evil   Revelations returns redefined for PC complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience. This latest version of Resident Evil Revelations will also deliver additional content including a terrifying new enemy, extra difficulty mode, integration with  ResidentEvil.net  and improvements to Raid Mode. Raid Mode, which was first introduced to the series in the original version of Resident Evil Revelations, sees gamers play online in co-op mode or alone in single player taking on the hordes of enemies across a variety of missions whilst leveling up characters and earning weapon upgrades. Choose your Realm and engage in the most dynamic player driven battlefield available on any MMO. Fight for the Alsius Empire, protect the woods of Syrtis or avenge the Brotherhood of Ignis. Please see  this link  for details. The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first-person story-driven mystery game that focuses entirely on exploration and discovery. Team up as Finn and Jake in a 3D adventure of epic proportions! The Land of Ooo has been transformed into a giant video game, and BMO has been kidnapped. Brawl your way through the Witch's garden, Ice Kingdom, Fire Kingdom, and even the Land of the Dead itself to rescue BMO and uncover the evil mastermind! The sprawling Big Apple and the bustling city of New Haven come together in the exciting new NEC: New York-New Haven route for Train Simulator, featuring many of New Yorks famous landmarks and advanced signalling throughout. Joining the USAs most populated city, New York, to Connecticuts second largest city, New Haven, the original line was completed in 1849; classic American steam trains were the first to use the line before it was electrified in the early 20th century. It also forms part of the longer Northeast Corridor, which runs from Boston to Washington D.C. Get behind the wheel of one of the most iconic trucks on the road with this highly detailed  Scania R-series truck  simulation by SCS Software, developers of  Euro Truck Simulator 2. Prove your truck skills  - Put your driving skills to the ultimate test with 10 individual truck maneuvering challenges that serve as a practical exam as you strive to gain your driving licence. Complete intricately designed courses and tasks, in realistic environments that put you firmly into the driver's seat. The player will build farms, maintain and upgrade his properties. Agricultural Simulator: Historical Farming : The game takes you to the good old days and you will experience the charming farming of the 60's and 70's. Uncover the history and secrets of Fonts   Characters in a fascinating and unique experience! Play as 2 dots and travel through the ages of typographic styles and techniques. From the rock paintings of prehistoric times to Pixel art of the 2000s, solve all the riddles by riding the most popular fonts and characters  in a very captivating musical and visual environment. Just because youve been elected as the Vice President of the World doesnt mean you have time to relax! Things are going mad around town, and only YOU have the charisma it takes to... delegate all the dirty work and convince your constituents to save the world in this retro-RPG! Recruit everyone in sight -- 40 to be exact -- to join your party and fight against uncanny enemies like bees, hippies, fat pharmacists, angry toasters, and more! Montague's Mount is disturbing psychological thriller set in the bleakness of an abandoned Irish island, featuring exploration and challenging puzzle solving. This game is part one of a two part story, some questions are left unanswered and open to interpretation. To thank our fans for our successful Greenlight campaign, we have added new voiceovers, clues and storylines, and also made the Oculus Rift demo available. The classic Gauntlet 4-player co-op action gameplay returns in a completely new experience! Play as one of four distinct heroes in an intense monster filled dungeon brawler with a combination of both uniquely built and randomly generated levels to explore. Battle the endless hordes of foes as you and your friends fight for treasure and glory via both local and online co-op multiplayer. You are master and ruler of a loyal nation. You have unimaginable powers at your disposal. Imagine the chaos of normal Just Cause 2, then extending it out to dozens, hundreds, and even thousands of players. For the first time in over 20 years, we are heralding the return of a much loved piece of gaming history with the classic RPG, Wasteland! The game that started the popular survival horror genre returns better than ever! Players control Edward Carnby, the main character from the original Alone in the Dark, on a thrilling journey through a dark and terrifying re-creation of New York's Central Park where Carnby must discover the truth behind a dark conspiracy. With inspiration from the presentation style of popular action TV dramas, Alone in the Dark will be split into a number of distinct episodes. From the moment Edward Carnby and Aline Cedrac set foot on Shadow Island, they are confronted by mysterious, evil creatures intent on thwarting their progress to recover 3 ancient tablets believed to hold the secret key to some incredible menacing phenomena. The slightest shadow could be hiding deep secrets, or concealing worse nightmares... Can you see beyond your fear? You command an AH-64 Apache Longbow or a Russian Hokum helicopter. The goal is to fly through various levels and carry out the mission objectives. This tiresome bunch of feathered troublemakers is not giving any peace. Stop this hostile destruction from these rampaging roosters in Arcade mode, or fight against the clock in Classic mode in three difficulty levels. Six fabulous landscapes  and another seven landscapes  enchant the player again and again revealing new secrets and gimmicks every time. Ballpoint Universe Infinite  is a shoot-em-up adventure game featuring artwork entirely drawn in ballpoint pen. Explore immaculate worlds, discover the secrets of the doodles, and customize your Ink-Ship for battle! Press    Ballpoint Universe Infinite is too exuberant to ignore. Sneak through the shadows, dash to cover, pick your moment and strike! Unleash your inner thief in this strategic stealth adventure. After the heist of a lifetime, Sneaky, the lovable rogue is ambushed! Zigfrak is a space-based action RPG, featuring missions, exploration, and crafting. With an emphasis on loot and over-the-top items, it's not a traditional space sim. Enemy ships explode like loot piatas, spewing forth useful pickups. Drifter is an open-world sandbox space trading game with a procedurally-generated galaxy 100,000 light years across made up of tens of thousands of star systems to explore and features an original soundtrack by composer Danny Baranowsky. Take on the role of a spaceship captain attempting to eke out a living among the stars by trading goods between star systems, hunting pirates for bounties, mining asteroids for valuable ore, or even becoming a pirate yourself. Are you a Supporter or Devotee? The Supporter and Devotee packs are ways to give extra support to the developers of Particulars, and get extra goodies! The listed bonuses will be added to your account as they become available. An artfully designed first-person boxing game with freestyle arcade action in which you punch a turkey in the face. Beast Boxing Turbo is a challenging first-person boxing game with fast-paced freestyle boxing action. You play a secret human boxer in a beastly world. Shufflepuck Cantina Deluxe is also very enjoyable without a VR headset! Note: In case the game fails to launch, switch to the winopengl version in BETAS tab. After  accidentally  jumping your spaceship through a wormhole, youve crash landed onto this forsaken desert planet a billion kilometers from home. Dodge and shoot your way back up the tower, and blast down waves of enemies as you make your way towards the top! As you progress, you unlock CDs that not only give you new tracks to play to, but also grant you powerful new abilities! Set off on a dangerous journey to save your father and the kingdom. You were living a calm life on your small farm together with your father. One sunny day your life completely changed. Eden Star is an immersive Sci-Fi survival game that blends innovative physics based combat, destructible environments and free-form construction with the exploration of a hostile alien world. Explore and gather resources from the environment of Pharus 7, use these materials to construct defensive outposts, craft powerful weaponry and upgrade your Pioneer. We are currently working on Finding Teddy 2 !! The game is a first person Gothic action adventure game set in the medieval kingdom of Uhorsko. You play Dominik, a young alchemist summoned to protect the kingdom from a ravenous beast. Dominik's goals soon change as he discovers he has been bitten, and cursed to become the very thing he has set out to stop. Combining the best of  space combat  and  real time strategy. Victory can be  tactical, a  dogfight  or  capital ship slugging match  - depending on how you decide to achieve it. Tales of MajEyal is a roguelike RPG, featuring tactical turn-based combat and advanced character building. Play as one of many unique races and classes in the lore-filled world of Eyal, exploring random dungeons, facing challenging battles, and developing characters with your own tailored mix of abilities and powers. With a modern graphical and customisable interface, intuitive mouse control, streamlined mechanics and deep, challenging combat, online stats and character sheets, Tales of MajEyal offers engaging roguelike gameplay for the 21st century. Dead Sky takes place admist the chaos of a mysterious outbreak where you will fight tooth-and-nail through hordes of undead creatures in order to escape the epidemic and survive. At its core, Dead Sky is an action-packed survival shooter that ties in several strategic tower defense elements. The gameplay consists of a satisfying mix between defending objectives and staying alive within contaminated territory by using the variety of powerful weapons, structures, upgrades, and power-ups at your disposal. Your choices changes the  GENRE  of the story! Almost  EVERY NPC LIES  to you at some point in the game! Live a life of adventure or a normal life! Would you like to enter a thrilling Pirates world where danger lurks in every corner? You are a museum owner pursuing an undead pirate who kidnapped your daughter. You quickly realize that the villain is entangled in a tragic, centuries-old love story, and wants to resurrect his mistress with the girls life force. Two Brothers is an Action Adventure game that features a classic Gameboy aesthetic. Roy Guarder, inventor, scientist, and philosopher, is on an expedition to discover the origins of life. This quest has brought him to  The Cursed Lands,  a stretch of land so dangerous and shrouded in mystery that it hasn't been explored in over 700 years. Lead a conga line of heroes to glory against hordes of enemies across an endless number of stages. How many enemies can you defeat? Shaun the Sheep's BAFTA-nominated puzzle game is back for a second baa-rilliant adventure! Join Shaun, Timmy and Shirley as they journey through over 60 levels of underground caverns, negotiate the busy streets of London and teleport through outer space all in search of the green, green grass of home. Use each sheeps unique abilities to shove, leap, squeeze and swim your way through underground tunnels, abandoned mineshafts - and even evade the guards at Buckingham Palace! Wooden Sen'SeY  is an action-platformer, set in a unique   Japan Steam Rock   universe filled with humour. You follow Goro, a village chief, as he seeks revenge through a variety of levels. He will defeat his enemies using his axes to  slice, dice, squash and grapple! Enjoy being a farmer between 1950 and 1970 in the Agricultural Simulator  Historical Farming. The game takes you to the good old days and you will experience the charming farming of the 60's and 70's. Fans of nostalgia and history will be glad to work with original designed machines and to till a field with well known Old-timer Tractors. The legacy of the critically acclaimed Giant games, already continued by the successful  Train Giant, highlights now the popular theme Agriculture up to a new level in Farming Giant, presented by UIG. In the best tradition of the giants-series the player will get a first-class business simulation crafted with a lot of details. The player will build farms, maintain and upgrade his properties. Reintroduce yourself to this classic YDKJ sequel! All the fun of Volume 1, but with completely different questions, host, and smell! This is his first volume as full-time host  the game that launched a career, if you can call it that! The spawning continues as the award-winning YOU DONT KNOW JACK series pumps out YOU DONT KNOW JACK Volume 3. Play the game that many consider to be YDKJs most fun offering  The Ride! Trust us, you've forgotten everything by now. Test your movie knowledge from back when movies were movies, and movie candy didn't have high fructose corn syrup! If you've always wanted to see your name in lights, albeit lights from your computer monitor, then YOU DONT KNOW JACK Movies is the trivia game for you! The mysterious object that had shimmered in the blue sky for countless generations and was worshiped by men as a god was in fact a massive man-made structure. And now, the silent vigil that was thought would last forever has come to an end. Centuries have passed since the events of RefleX and mankind has once again attained civilization. In desperation, the jarl of Jarnvidr has called for a Heroine, to stand against the forces of frost and put an end to the lasting winter. Her might, sorcery, and cunning may be humanitys last resort. Are you up to the task, or will you die trying? Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. What does it take to be in a parade? Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Grandma Grouper's kelp seeds are missing and without them all of the sea creatures will go hungry! Sam is an ordinary kid who, with the help of his red cape, turns into  superhero  Pajama Sam. In No Need to Hide When Its Dark Outside, Pajama Sam journeys into the land of darkness  to face his fears. Help Pajama Sam figure out who or what is behind the darkness and realize that there is no need to hide when its dark outside! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Will kids be forced to endure a fate worse than eating dry cereal!? Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Help Putt-Putt bounce his pal Pep into the air to pop colorful balloons some filled with hidden surprises! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Dive in to help Freddi Fish and Luther navigate a labyrinth of underwater caves and collect the scattered kelp seeds! In Sanitarium you play an amnesiac thrust into a morbid, really creepy universe. After a car accident you wake up to find that instead of lying in a hospital, youre in an asylum with your head wrapped in bandages. You must battle against Combine on streets of City-17, give Gordon Freeman back his crowbar and be ready for unforeseen consequences. Lost Squad extends the award-winning Half-Life universe allowing to look at familliar events through the eyes of Barney Calhoun and the gameplay with ability to destroy enviroments, play with friends in co-op mode, fight newly-spawned creatures and much more. We take the colony sim genre into the future, onto a lush planet where humans are making their foothold. Characters and alien wildlife are brought to life through a rigorous simulation and the game plays out as a tug-of-war between humans and nature on a planet full of opportunities and dangers. Majestic Nights is an episodic action-adventure-thriller set in an alternate 1980s where all conspiracy theories, past and present, are True. You play as Cardholder: an intelligence operative who may or may not have been present at or even responsible for many of the biggest conspiracy events in history; and Cal, a humble Private Investigator whose own past is shrouded in secrets unknown even to herself. With fast, light mechanics, the game has been developed to engross players in a shadowy world of conspiracy with an over-the-top 1980s aesthetic. drive  is a realistic, immersive driving game offering near-limitless possibilities. Our soft-body physics engine simulates every component of a vehicle in real time, resulting in realistic, dynamic behavior. High above the lame Mortal Realm rests the cloud-wreathed towers of the Wizard Keep. It is a place where robes never go out of style, and beards are totally awesome. But then the badguys attack, and Versimos is  kidnapped! Dodge flamers breathing scorching fires and deactivate paralyzing Tesla machines as you guide wacky robots trapped in treacherous labyrinths to the exit! Plan every escape with precision and execute each action with cautiousness as the synchronized movement of the robots hinders a simple plan! On the bright side, you have a flying dragon. Diadra Empty is a free-roaming shoot-'em-up on a grand scale. Prepare your fragile human mind for PANORAMICAL, an interactive sensory journey unlike anything youve ever played before. Manipulate the look, sound, and feel of more than a dozen mesmerizing landscapes in this immersive musical adventure through space and time. Turn peaceful mountains into thumping valleys into jazz solo forests into ominous caves, turn day into night, turn oceans into deserts into atmosphere and the soundscape transforms with you. The ultimate farmers' showdown returns with monstrous  new machines, brand new events and an expansive new terrain! Are you the fastest, most accurate and craziest farmer in the competition? Climb aboard  Farm Machines Championship 2014 and sit behind the wheel of tenacious tractors and humongous harvesters to compete in 40 various events. Feel what it's truly like to be alone in the dark with this low-res, high-suspense point-and-click horror adventure, winner of multiple Best Games of the Year awards. Set in Victorian England, when Jeremiah Devitt receives a letter from his old schoolmate Anthony Beechworth with a hidden, cryptic message, he knows something is wrong. Action role-playing, puzzle solving, and crafting combine in this sprawling open-world fantasy epic, which invites you to take on a range of sweeping quests, battle unforgettable adversaries, and experience the adventure of a lifetime. An interactive, physics-based world of wonder bursting with colorful characters and exotic islands filled with tricks, traps, and treasures to explore awaits your conquest as you gather fantastical artifacts and equipment which can be crafted into playable vehicles and more. It's been weeks since anyone last saw the Viking men of the village of Borja, and young Tyrim is determined to set forth and find them. After an endless fall through powerful magnetic storms... you awaken. Your memory erased, you start exploring the world around you. Someone or something is pushing you higher and higher. Play as two special operatives and fight your way through a mad scientist's secret asteroid base whilst defending yourself against his army of evil mutants. The amazing brawler Cye is trained in melee combat and uses powerful gadgets of mass destruction; or out-smart the enemy with the master tactician Chrome, an agent of ranged warfare and master of AI turret defence systems. Develop the skills of your Agent, increase their power and overcome 24 uniquely challenging levels which get harder as you progress. Central to each of Tremor's 8 synthesis engines is a specialized percussion oscillator with a sub-oscillator and tuned noise source. These are sculpted by modelled drive/filter/FX sections and razor-sharp envelopes to produce diverse kicks, snares, claps and hats alongside zaps, scrapes, textures and sounds that defy classification. Discover and investigate a forgotten underwater city built in an intriguing Art-Deco style. This former utopia hides many spine-chilling secrets and supernatural forces, the remains of which still lurk in every corner. Face the ancient evil that is hiding in the deepest chambers of the city of Eden. Investigate two worlds: the one you know and an alternate plane existing behind the Hall of Mirrors. Discover the secret of an ancient being known as the Evil One. Reveal the story of star-crossed lovers and stop the Evil One from breaking its magical chains and invading our world. Imagine waking up after a powerful storm as the sun goes down. You find yourself just outside a small town on the side of the road. Enigmatis: The Mists of Ravenwood is a critically-acclaimed, beautifully crafted casual adventure game rich with horror, plot twists and shadowy intrigue. Follow the trail of a demonic preacher and unravel the secrets shrouded in the mists of Ravenwood Park! What happened to the abandoned camper covered by enormous claw marks? Nightmares from the Deep: The Siren's Call is the sequel to the smash hit Nightmares from the Deep: The Cursed Heart.This epic adventure features an exciting plot full of outstanding puzzles and unforeseeable twists and turns. When Sarah Black, curator at the Caribbean Naval Museum, receives a package from a mysterious messenger, she is unwittingly drawn into an ancient conflict. Inside the package she finds an artifact, and instantly assailants descend on the museum to rob her. Nightmares form the Deep 3: Davy Jones -  get ready for the final chapter of the epic pirate trilogy! Become a fearless museum custodian Sara Black to face your greatest enemy, the legendary pirate Davy Jones. Discover his greatest secret and save your daughter! Clockwork Tales: Of Glass and Ink is an adventure game in the steampunk genre. It is a detective drama featuring action elements such espionage, monster battles and even hang-gliding! Enter an enchanting world of legends and magic, filled with gloomy forests, forbidden temples, and abandoned castles; a realm of dark secrets, where your destiny was written long before your birth... Within the shadow of an ancient forest, on the bottom of a foggy valley, stands the lonely village of Ravenbrook. The folk there are cheerful and diligent, yet warily superstitious. Left in the Dark: No One on Board is a hidden-object puzzle-adventure game with a grim, mysterious ambiance and plenty of scares! Private Detective knew this case was going to be strange as soon as she read the letter from the Mayor of Port Providence, in which he asked her to board a ship that went lost at sea years ago, then recently reappeared with no sign of the crew or cargo. Detective is at a loss as to what happened to the vessel, even after examining all of the evidence. Purgatory is a fast-paced multiplayer fps game where you use a multitude of spells with a variety of effects to destroy your enemies. Participate in duels, team battles or free-for-all in the mysterious realm of purgatory, where all arenas have a history which chains them to this world. Action-packed death racing, this is what Speed Kills is about! Traditional, isometric, powered by Unreal Engine. Players compete in various championships, ranging from bootleg rallies on the outskirts of the galaxy to big-league circuits set against the goliath skylines of metropolis cityscapes. Pixel Puzzles: Japan combines traditional jigsaw puzzle style gameplay with light video-game interactivity. As you build puzzles your monk will gain higher consciousness states. The higher the level of your monks concentration the bigger the puzzle you can attempt. Prometheus Corporation is the leader in the generation and distribution of energy to all cities in the world. Due to the ideas and designs of charismatic president Demetrio Watts, the corporation developed new technologies producing higher quantities of energy at a lower cost, granting them near-absolute control of the market. The friendly policies enforced by Prometheus and Demetrio Watts has made citizens confident they will have access to electricity in their houses every day. Solarix  is a science-fiction stealth-horror game featuring open-ended levels for both combative and stealth-focused playstyles. Solarix combines old-school sci-fi horror with next-gen style and graphics. The story follows an electrical engineer desperately fighting for his life after an infection wipes out an interstellar research station. Pixel Puzzles: UndeadZ is a traditional style jigsaw puzzle game with top down shooter gameplay thrown in to ruin your day and peaceful puzzling experience. Dead things want to eat you whilst you puzzle. You'll have to keep the dead dudez at bay with a mixture of mines, barricades, bullets and nades. will allow you to control and build your very own movie studio from the ground up! As a newcomer to Tinseltown it will be your job to create movies your audiences want to see as well as develop new technology to stay relevant in the film industry. Between Me and The Night'  is a surrealist action adventure game that walks the thin path between sanity and madness. Take on the role of a young boy and explore and interact with the mysterious house in which he lives. Solve puzzles around the house to reveal new places, help you overcome the shadows of the night and discover the strange world beyond it's walls. In the near future, mankind has opened the way to the stars  made possible through the use of droids, able to operate in the hostile environment of the deep space. However, both spaceships and droids are dependent on Neonium for their power. However, this new source of energy was only found in the moons of Pluto and deposits are very limited, so the search started for a new supply. Have you ever dreamed of running your own car company? Do you often find yourself drawing vehicle designs on the margins of your papers? Ever wondered what it would be like to be the next Henry Ford or Enzo Ferrari? Welcome to fastplay wargaming, a new kind of strategy game experience. Battleplan: American Civil War  is an exciting top-down real time/turn-based hybrid strategy game. Take command of either Confederate or Union troops and fight your way through ten of the American Civil Wars most famous battles. Reclaim the Lost Kingdom brick by brick! Join Bilbo Baggins, Gandalf, Thorin and his company of Dwarves in an epic adventure across Middle-earth to recapture the Lonely Mountain in the most expansive LEGO game to date. Battle ravenous Trolls, dangerous Orcs and many more! With war raging and the planet under siege by the armies of greedy Ork warlord Gorgutz, ambitious Eldar seer Macha, and mighty Space Marine commander Gabriel Angelos, supremacy must ultimately be suspended for survival. Take a trip to fame and fortune by building the biggest, best, scariest, and most thrilling rides ever seen in any theme park. Can you make money in this volatile business? Can you become the ultimate Roller Coaster Tycoon? Stretch your imagination further to build bigger parks and higher coasters! Break ground and start from scratch, open the gates to a remarkable Six Flags park, or just create the most gut-wrenching roller coaster imaginable - now you can play your way! Choose and complete different scenarios accordingly to the experience and content you like. Kingdom Elemental takes core game play elements from real-time strategy, tactics, and role-playing games and combines them into a game that is easy to pick up and play. It is designed to be lighthearted and humorous with fun and re-playable gameplay. Try out the Destiny Mode and challenge levels for more variety. Play as the hero Carrion Iblis, as the story of Siegfried, the Empire's true successor, plunges the world further and further into darkness. Immerse yourself in a world of conflict as several opposing factions clash for dominance over the Archaelus Empire and its people. Prepare yourself for an insatiable rain of bullets, bombs, and beams in Crimzon Clover. From Japanese indie developer YOTSUBANE, AdventurePlanningService, this unique top-down shooter is a wild ride you won't want to miss out on. Your first step in Crimzon Clover: World Ignition is as simple as choosing how you want to play, and which powerful ship will be yours to command. Special Event from  BUKA Entartainment    ----------------------------- JURASSIC QUEST. It's up to you, as the driver of a heavy transportation truck, to blast through the mayhem and deliver needed supplies to desperate towns. Your life depends on being the ultimate offensive driver, while making sure to keep your truck in top operating and fighting condition. Special Event from  BUKA Entartainment    ----------------------------- JURASSIC QUEST. At Spearhead Games, we believe that e-sports are the next step in international competition. We believe that this growing trend is on the verge of becoming mainstream globally and will play a significant role in defining the future of sports. Arena: Cyber Evolution is the result of our passion for this phenomenon and what it can become. Steam Exclusive Offer  The version of the game has been enhanced and remastered for an exclusive Steam release! See what's new to this special edition. Kitty Powers Matchmaker is a hilarious dating simulator with a difference. Manage your own matchmaking agency with the guidance of your fabulous boss, drag queen diva Kitty Powers! Match an endless parade of desperate clients with candidates from Kittys little black book and guide them through awkward conversations and dozens of perilous dating dilemmas. Special Offer    Braveland Trilogy  contains all highly acclaimed turn-based games inspired by old-school strategies in one package. About the Game Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble warrior's son whose village was cruelly raided and will end as talented commander of your army. Run, jump and butt-slide into the glorious toy-filled world of Action Henk! Become a master of momentum and defy physics as you race against a band of ragged 90s action figures to once and for all prove that Action Henk is the fastest of them all! With over 70 tracks all set in different environments, 5 playable characters, dedicated grappling hook levels, a whole host of medals to beat, and a full-fledged level editor, Action Henk is ready to be played on Windows, Mac   Linux. Lost in the depths of space, you are a being of pure psychic energy with the uncanny power to take over and control anything you see in order to survive. Built for PC, Enemy Mind lets you battle your way through 70+ waves of challenging enemies. Online Beta  Support for online multiplayer game modes is in beta testing but is not available in the Steam Early Access game currently. Please read the  About This Game  section for information. About the Game Gang Beasts is a silly local multiplayer party game with surly gelatinous characters, brutal mle fight sequences, and absurdly hazardous environments. TerraTech is the multi-award winning sandbox construction and combat game where you design, build and command your very own fleet of unique land and airborne vehicles, as you explore alien worlds and gather precious resources on a quest for glory and profit. In the distant future, Earth's natural resources have been depleted, and as a resource-gathering prospector it's your job to travel to alien planets and scour them for valuable materials. The frantic old-school action of classic coin-op shoot-em-ups comes crashing headlong into the 21st century with Kromaia, exclusively for PC. Explosive high-octane blasting combines with hordes of enemies in a 360 environment, allowing you to fly, spin and shoot anywhere and everywhere! Where most shooters see you racing along a fixed path to blast anything in your way, Kromaia does things differently. Fight for your life in the INDIE SCI-FI FPS game fit for both casual and hard-core gamers with a passion for hunting down hordes of zombies. Prepare yourselves for the incoming nightmare! The ESS Meridian starship is travelling through space with a new FTL technology, heading towards its destination - Tau Ceti f, the first planet in the history of mankind to be colonized. Originally released in May 2012,  You Have to Win the Game  has now arrived on Steam with a more difficult remixed campaign and Playable Cat DLC*!! You Have to Win the Game  is a free exploration platformer with a retro 1980s PC aesthetic. Run, jump, and avoid deadly pitfalls as you explore the ruins of a lost world in search of hidden treasures and rare artifacts! Challenging and fast-paced with a modern twist on old school RPG battle systems, QuestRun is unlike anything you have played before. You love RPGs but can go without in depth dialogues and scenario based text? Eidolon is a game about exploring a mysterious landscape and uncovering the stories of the people who lived there once before. It is a game about history, curiosity, interconnectedness, and the slow and inevitable beauty of life. You will be dropped into the dreary and mystical Western Washington circa 2400 c.e. Take your tabletop gaming to a whole new level in virtual reality with the HTC Vive! About the Game Create your own original games, import custom assets, automate games with scripting, set up complete RPG dungeons, manipulate the physics, create hinges   joints, and of course flip the table when you are losing the game. ReignMaker  is a city building political strategy game with match-3 tower defense combat. From your capital city you lead your Kingdom against the invading Void Army that threatens all life. Your strategy, tower defense, and match-3 skills will determine the fate of your armies, but the many political decisions you make as a leader affect the story and the culture of your kingdom. Being originally designed and developed for the SEGA Mega Drive   SEGA Genesis, Pier Solar is a turn-based RPG with state-of-the-art aesthetics about the journey of three young heroes from the town of Reja. In this prospered and peaceful town there live three best friends: Hoston, Alina and Edessot. Young and curious, they want to go on a herb-seeking quest to help cure Hoston's father's mysterious illness. As a rookie musher, learn to foster a competitive and happy team of unique dogs so you can make your mark on the dogsledding capital of the nation! Remember this, and your team will be unstoppable. This version on Steam is the Director's Cut version that has additional content and features from the original Japanese release, all thanks to our Kickstarter backers. You can switch to Japanese by pressing the J key on your keyboard, or back to English with the E key. fault is a series of Science Fantasy Cinematic Novels using a unique 3D Camera system for a visually immersive reading experience, which follow the story of a princess named Selphine and her Royal Guardian Ritona. Steel Armor: Blaze of War  is realistic tank simulator with tactical elements. Tactical: player gets into actual battle, controls his tank and commands attached units. Oknytt is a point-and-click adventure game where the player takes the role of a small, seemingly insignificant creature, leading it through a dark world riddled with obstacles to help it find a place to belong. The game takes place in a Norse medieval world and contains a number of beings and areas inspired by Swedish folklore. Oknytt's gameplay is comprised of classic point-and-click puzzle solving combined with the usage of four runes located at the bottom of the screen. With FarSky, you take the role of Nathan who got lost in the Ocean after the crash of his submarine. You need to learn how to survive in the depths of the Ocean. Visiting Rome from Chicago, where he works as a doctor, ex-priest James Murphy answers a mysterious call for help from his friend Cristoforo. The disappearance of a briefcase containing compromising documents is enough to convince James that his friend is a victim of something shady and sinister. The Vatican's involvement and some strange parallels with his own traumatic past inspire James to get to the bottom of this mystery. Strata paints a simple yet challenging puzzle game onto a sophisticated canvas of color and sound. Test the limits of your brain by completing complex weaves of color to solve the puzzles. Three ships, ten planets, thousands of people in danger and millions of meteors between them and you. Rescue as many as possible in a race across the whole solar system and make off with as much salvage as you can in this fun   frantic little home-made sci-fi action-strategy game! Features   Bringing the line-drawing genre forward, The Agent Saga Rover Rescue adds 3D levels with gravity, power-ups, speed enhancers, commander upgrades and so much more! When solitary Darren Michaels befriends the beautiful Angelina, he has no idea what the fates hold in store for him. The alluring Angelina has also attracted the eye of several others; and when she suddenly disappears, Darren finds himself questioning what has happened to her while he is haunted by a series of torturous and ever-intensifying nightmares. Darren's search for his missing friend and his own sanity take him on a chilling expedition from his small New England town to Willow Creek, England - and the reigning evil of Black Mirror Castle. In the final chapter of this acclaimed horror trilogy, Black Mirror III picks up right where the thrilling ending to Black Mirror II left off. Only a short time ago, Darren Michaels was a quiet store clerk in a sleepy New England town. Now in Willow Creek, England, a tormented Darren barely reacts as police handcuffs are closed on his wrists. And a young girl who posed for a cursed portrait haunts the charred remains of her father's studio. By the horns of your helmet, this is a Viking adventure you'll never forget! Join two brothers as they set off across a battle-scarred kingdom to drive off savages, restore their land, and search for the magic items that will breathe new life into their once magnificent realm. Interact with captivating characters as you race to complete tasks and reap the highest possible rewards. The fate of the magical world is in your hands  free it from evil! There is a new threat looming over Nearwood: all of a sudden, winter has come down upon the land. The once green and lush landscape is now locked in ice and covered with snow, driving away the gnomes from a quiet village on the outskirts of the kingdom. Race like a champion in F1 2015 - get closer than ever before to the experience of racing in the worlds most glamorous, exciting and prestigious motorsport. Avoid is a fast-paced arcade game that will test your reflexes. Drive your vehicle through an obstacle-filled course and try to go as far as you can. Grab bonus items to help you survive... just a little bit more. Reviews    In 2013 the world was devastated by an apocalyptic event, annihilating almost all mankind and turning the Earth's surface into a poisonous wasteland. Fly low and strike deep in the re-invention of the Gunship flight combat franchise. In Gunship!, you're the point man for WWIII -- Russian forces have amassed on one side, NATO on the other in a flashpoint conflict in Eastern Europe. You are about to deploy the most devastating weapon in the inventory of war: the helicopter Gunship! It's a zoo out there, and you're in charge! Go wild with your imagination running the most exotic, fun and exciting zoo ever. Tend to your animals' health, happiness and nutrition by hiring employees, and adopt new animals as you unlock the numerous features hidden within the game. Race against time and terrorism as a member of the elite counter terrorist team in this all-out first person shooter. From the hostile streets of the middle-east, where danger can come from any direction, to the landmarks of a major European city. Your duty is to hunt down a terrorist overlord carrying a nuclear device before untold disaster is unleashed. When you climb into the cockpit of the F-16 Fighting Falcon, get set for the  flight of your life  as the powerful FALCON AT takes you streaking across the sky at Mach 2. Accurate weapons system, head-up-displays, cockpit controls, and overall flight characteristics make this ultimate in simulations. The enemy MiGs you encounter are resourceful and very skilled. New heroes and mysteries await you in the vistas of a post-apocalyptic North America. Special customization features, new types of weapons, and hi-tech bosses will immerse you even deeper into the ruthless world of Apocalypse, and your extreme driving skills will serve you well in its new multiplayer mode. You are to find the reasons of the global catastrophe described in the original game Hard Truck: Apocalypse. The game is a standalone project, with the gameplay that's different from the original game. From above the world of Cars, Disneys Planes takes players on a high-flying, action-packed animated comedy adventure with Dusty Crophopper, a big-hearted, speed-loving crop duster, voiced by actor and comedian Dane Cook. Take to the skies with Dusty and friends as they embark on global missions and grand adventures around the world. His followers are well versed in every extortion, infiltration and martial art. Pony and Biki are his best students, his pride and joy. The most violent adventure game of all time comes to Steam! You wake up one morning to a town full of strangers and inexplicable sights. You share your home with your not so perfect family and your supposed fiancee lives next door. The hit turn-based strategy game has landed on Steam! #1 strategy game in the app store in 46 countries. Approachable, absorbing, detailed and yet visually impressive, Battle Academy aims to revolutionize the strategy games market with a blend of intuitive design and compelling gameplay. Chaos Domain is a game about shooting bad people in the face. Apart from that, it is also a run and gun platformer, powered by Unreal Engine. The game is highly influenced by games from 8-bit and 16-bit era, including Contra/Probotector series, as well as titles like Abuse and Doom Troopers. IonBall 2: Ionstorm is an arcade game with a modern 3D twist; re-live the joys and frustrations  of classics games such as Breakout and Arkanoid, in a no holds barred fast action game with stunning 3D environments, awesome effects and a thumping soundtrack. Battle through 60 formidable levels and 3 boss levels with a multitude of enemies; each with their own unique abilities. Upgrade your armament from a range of weaponry such as the mighty machine-gun upgrade for the ball, or the rampant rail-gun for your bat; Ionball 2: Ionstorm will set blood pumping and pulse racing like no other ball game before it! The endless, halcyon days of   Nauseous pines  summer of love are over, the travellers and minstrels, dreamers and drug dealers have gone. It is now 198X, you wake up in a very bad situation. You were the  Sisters of the amniotic lens  and now it's time to face what you did to the minds of the naive all those years ago. Wildlife Park 3  do you have what it takes to be a zoo manager? Wildlife Park 3 is the latest part of the successful series. As zoo manager, you are responsible for your very own and unique zoo. Create, Collect, and Crash in Autocraft, a physics destruction puzzle/sandbox from the creators of Apotheon and Capsized. Fire up the fun as Codemasters reboots the classic table top racing experience in Toybox Turbos  now updated to support the Oculus Rift Development Kit 2  virtual reality headset for incredible immersion! Collect and customize 35 vehicles in this pick-up-and-play arcade racer. Take on 18 obstacle and short-cut filled circuits built for chaotic, combative competition  speed past spilt sticky jam on the kitchen table, dodge flaming Bunsen burners as you take your opponents back to school and dodge the runaway train as you race around a railway set! In the near future a new Exodus begins, the remnants of human civilization have to leave the perishing Earth and start traveling into the Psychosphere. The ones who call themselves the Spirits - new pastors of the human race, believe that a new planet, suitable for living, will be found in the Psychosphere. Colossal towns-arks, carrying hundreds of colonists, have been traveling for centuries through hostile worlds of Psychosphere under the guidance of Spirits. Collector's Edition  This Premium Edition includes extra 15 locations, concept arts, game arts, screen savers, 9 game music tracks. Just Updated  Dear customers,  we're happy to announce, that Dreamscapes has been updated to a brand new build featuring many new languages. These include:  English, German, Spanish, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Portugal, Polish, Russian and Swedish. Experience the adrenaline-fuelled danger and heart-pounding excitement in the war on organised drug syndicates. When standard procedures fail, the hardliners are brought in. Become El Matador, a DEA special agent tasked with taking down the drug barons. Through the eyes of Allied, German and Russian squad leaders, experience the most immersive World War II time strategy game where each battle is played out and won differently based on your tactical choices. Get immersed in the heat of the world war II, command American, English, Soviet and German troops during world-renowned battles that include D-Day, new winter missions and the storming of Berlin   Complex team AI for new tactical opportunities: AI controlled soldiers don't simply execute any order given by a player, they think how to do it in the most efficient and safe way. Realistic physics: anything can be destroyed or manipulated and used to player's advantage   Improvised player tactics, advanced AI reactions and real time physics guarantee players that missions will never be fought the same way. Inspired by reading more than one thousand Russian fairy tales, this is a story about love, spite, greed, modesty, humility and seeking. It is divided into four acts - according to the four seasons. That means you'll visit some of the game locations several times, but every time at a different season and in a different time of day. Freight Tycoon is an economic simulation game which challenges players management skills. It puts one into the shoes of an owner of a cargo transportation company. One has to evaluate the profitability of contracts, contact customers, and appoint drivers to deliver goods. Konung 2 is a sequel to Konung: The Legend of North. According to the storyline Good and Evil traded places. The main hero that won a victory over the forces of Evil in the first part of the game has got under the influence of a very powerful magic artifact -- Sovereign bracelet. Konung III is a RPG, based on the Scandinavian and Slavic mythology, the third game in the Konung series . The new game brings the player back to the legendary Woodland  the unique and spacious fantasy land that combines parts of known history with classical myths of the Slavs, the Scandinavian and the Byzantine, as well as the legends of the Chronicles, including immortal heroes, magical artifacts and ancient sorcery world. The Era of Titans, the almighty rulers of the Earth, has ended. Parkan II is an original concept game that will allow you to feel as a pilot of a spacecraft lost somewhere in the universe. The players are to explore hundreds of solar systems, take part in a series of fierce battles and meet a new enemy - a mysterious creature calling itself Gegemaunt. Become a pirate or mercenary, get money to buy the most powerful cruiser and show them all who is to be the new master of the galaxy. Planet Alcatraz is a 3D role playing game with isometric projection. The player travels through the game world and fights against enemies in the real-time mode. In a general sense Planet Alcatraz can be portrayed as a non-linear adventure with lots of shooting. Perimeter is an innovative Real-Time-Strategy game that pits players against each other or AI opponents in a life and death struggle to seize territory and establish critical protective perimeters. Players will be introduced to the games unique terraforming feature, allowing them to move, build, construct and destroy the map environment. Set in a future where the Exodus civilization has abandoned the dying Earth, the game offers a well-balanced combination of new terraforming principles and territorial wars with traditional strategy elements. Cars is an exciting arcade racing game featuring the world of highly realistic toy radio controlled cars. Jump, accelerate, perform acrobatic feats in the air, and bounce on big hummocks, pits and bumps while contending with opponents for victory. The Tomorrow War is a space sim based on the trilogy of novels written by a famous Russian author, Alexander Zorich. These books are dedicated to the intergalactic war of two mighty empires. Along with the graduates of the military-space academy players will witness different stages of the conflict between United Earth Empire and Konkordia. Time has come to join the Dark Journey to the other side of Teana and visit a mysterious part of the world never before seen by royal bounty hunters. For the first time in Kings Bounty series, players will be able to choose their heros race as well as class. Become a fearless Orcs warrior, lead and heal your troops as a Demoness, or use dark magic as a fearsome Vampire. Special Event from  BUKA Entartainment. Operation Matriarchy is available on Steam! the Game   Marauder  is a tactical strategy with RPG elements. The game is based on the book  Marauder  by Berkem al Atomi and brings you to an alternate history where anarchy and endless strife have become a rule. Everybody was mystified by its cause. What happened was beyond peoples comprehension. Assassins Creed Unity is an action/adventure game set in the city of Paris during one of its darkest hours, the French Revolution. Take ownership of the story by customising Arno's equipement to make the experience unique to you, both visually and mechanically. In addition to an epic single-player experience, Assassins Creed Unity delivers the excitement of playing with up to three friends through online cooperative gameplay in specific missions. The ultimate rush of arcade arena action, with the fluidity and amazing feel of soaring through space. Requiem: Rise of the Reaver is a Free-to-Play, massively multiplayer online role playing game set in a dark distant world where an event known as the  Thanatos Incident  rendered the world almost unlivable. Create your own biological weapon known as a Temperion and experience the horrors that grip Ethergia. Fight alongside the Fenrir Canine and the Holy Xenon Empire to against the darkness that encroaches on the remnants of civilized society. Seven years after the slaying of Dracula, you play as Jonathan Harker,  and soon discover your wife, Mina has fled London for the Count's castle in Transylvania. The blood-curdling sequel to Dracula: Resurrection brings an even scarier adventure to life. After saving Mina, Jonathan Harker and his beloved return to London carrying a mysterious Dragon Ring. As they begin to revel normalcy, events occur that indicate the Prince of Darkness and his Black Guard army have followed them home... with vengeance. The trilogy continues as the Prince of Darkness rises again. September 1920, the Vatican appoints Father Arno Moriani, the  Devil's Advocate, to investigate a potential candidate for Sainthood in Transylvania. But in the shadows of the disturbing ruins that were once Vlad the Impaler's castle, his investigation takes an unexpected turn... With Ropeway-Simulator 2014 you will be able to  build your own spectacular ropeways  within a  lovingly designed mountain panorama, using original gondolas and lifts licensed by world market leader  Doppelmayr. Take care to always choose the best location of your cableway by paying attention to your environment. Start at the beginning of the series with  TransOcean: The Shipping Company  and its exciting adventure set among the floating giants of cargo shipping. In  TransOcean2: Rivals  experience the next exciting installment in the tale of loyalty, betrayal, and world dominating empires. Gold Edition content    Create and upload new mods to add vehicles and missions to work on your very own construction site in Construction Simulator 2015. You can even use all the new content together with your friends as long as they have it installed, too. Click   here   to learn more and get started! Early Access owners will automatically receive the fully updated version of DubWars on this day. About the Game DubWars is a music game that combines the mechanics of a top-down shooter with the power of Dubstep and Electronic music. Design, build and wire up your own unique robot to complete challenging logic puzzles. LogicBots is a puzzle game where robots are used to complete the various levels. Sometimes the LogicBots will be controlled by the player and other times they will work independently to complete the puzzles. Retro Game Crunch is a series of 7 games, full of the charm and challenge of the 8-bit generation. Each world feels like an authentic NES classic. Trapped in an abstract cyberspace world, your way forward uses visual programming to edit environmental geometry, whilst unlocking key programming concepts along the way. Stretch, scale, rotate, manipulate and create, explore a world of reprogrammable geometry as you discover your way home, ever distant on the horizon. Life is Feudal: Your Own   is a medieval life simulator for 64 players on a 3km x 3km gameworld. It places you in a realistic medieval setting with the ability to host your own private world and set your own rules. This world has free terraforming and building features. Battle your way through brand new, high-level Solo and Party Dungeons. Reach untold heights of power with new gear and enhancement systems. Sokobond is an elegantly designed puzzle game about chemistry. It's logical, minimalist, and beautiful - crafted with love and science. You were on the way to a recycling process when fortunately for you - and unfortunately for the environment - you accidentally ran off. Now your goal is to escape from the facility, which is an extremely difficult task due to the fact that you are a battery without legs. Equipped with a limited number of electric beams, you can connect to walls, move or destroy objects, turn switches, and charge generators. Rebel Galaxy  is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and negotiation with the outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe. As the commander of an immensely powerful star destroyer, youll battle pirates, explore anomalies, befriend aliens, scavenge battle wreckage, mine asteroids, and discover artifacts. Choose your path as a roguish do-gooder, crafty space-trader or power-hungry privateer  or maybe a little of each! Experience the mind bending power of single player cooperation. Project Temporality is a third person action/puzzle game built around the concept of allowing the player to play with time. Thanks to our proprietary engine Sparta 3D we make the fourth dimension as available as the other three. Feature List     Easy to Play but Hard to Master  - Armello is an intuitive game, easy to pick up and experience but with deep and emergent strategy. Full release will include a tutorial mode. Fast   Thoughtful  - Adventuring in Armello is fast-paced fun but filled with deadly tactical and politically complex decisions requiring careful forethought and planning. Micron is a unique fusion of puzzle and rhythm gameplay. Place pieces on the board to deflect bullets of energy that fire to the beat. Guide the bullets to the exit through 51 challenging levels  and 12 bonus levels  featuring a variety of distinctive soundscapes. Take command of a resistance squadron and outsmart alien enemies using tactical warfare in a battle for mankinds existence. Play through an open-ended series of side missions to collect resources and build new weapons for your squad. In the unknown expanse of the deep sea, survival of the fittest is taken to a whole new level. The weak and slow perish while the strong survive. To withstand the unforgiving nature of the depths, its denizens must adapt. Playing as an elite imperial soldier trying to protect their homeland, you'll get to explore a massive, fully detailed medieval empire filled with daring adventures, outlandish treasures and dramatic conflicts. Along the way, you'll have to contend with the likes of political corruption, zombie hordes, the onset of war and a game world that changes depending on your choices and actions. You get to play as one of the agile monsters that make up the Flock. Competing against the other monsters, you need to find and claim the Light Artifact. Asymmetrical co-op allows one player to take the role of the spy while a friend provides overwatch and assistance as the hacker, and unravel a post-Cold War espionage conspiracy. The year is 1996, five years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Well am happy to say this is a true horror survival game. Some bugs to work out, but will have that resolved for the most part by the 20th. Cloud Chamber  is a Massively Multiplayer story game. Investigate and discuss story fragments with other players. My Lands is a free online RTS where dark and light forces fight for Black Gem and dominion in a vast fantasy world. Cooperation between players, joint economy development, creation of clans and alliances and elaboration of a team strategy serve as the very foundation of the game. Player chooses one of four races to lead it to the victory through ruthless wars over dominion in the universe of My Lands. Experience the first story in a mind bending trilogy! The Fall was recently awarded Game of the Year for Best Story from Giant Bomb. Take on the role of ARID, the artificial intelligence onboard a high-tech combat suit. Out of the ashes of war, a tentative truce emerges between the Humans, Beta and the Goobut peace doesnt last long. From the folk who brought you classic Kaiju titles like  Godzilla: Save the Earth,  Rampage: Total Destruction, and  Deadliest Warrior  comes the next generation of monster-on-monster fighting action: Colossal Kaiju Combat! Funded by the CKC community, our plan is to release 2-3 new games each year, showcasing features   characters selected by our fans! Our first release:  Kaijuland Battles  features 4 cartoony kaiju from the  Kaijuland game. Steam Squad is a tactical wargame set in alternative universe in the First World War period. During the game you are to manage a squad in a battlefield to complete your current tactical task. For instance, you can be asked to capture an area, defend a lodgement or a person, attempt to sabotage, etc. You must spring out of bed. You must bargain with the lizardman. The year is 1849, and gold has just been discovered in California. You decide to head out west, to seek fame and wealth in the approaching Gold Rush. Will you strike gold and become an overnight mining magnate? The Flower Shop is a dating and farming simulation game. Steve's life has just taken a downward turn. His grades from his first semester in college are dismal, his relationship with his girlfriend is rocky at best, and now his dad is shipping him off to some farm for the summer so that he can  build character. When you receive word from the asylum staff that your daughter has gone missing from the facility, you set out to solve the mystery of her disappearance. When you arrive, youre thrust into a living nightmare. Her boyfriend Aaron doesn't remember her anymore after a car accident! Will you be able to make him remember again? Planet Stronghold is a sci-fi role-playing game with a turn-based combat system. You take the role of a young, new recruit that somehow gets assigned to the most well-known, and well-defended, human outpost in the whole galaxy: Planet Stronghold. As the story goes on, you'll have to choose a side in a a war that will change the destiny of the planet, and of humankind, forever. Slip is a fast paced side scrolling platformer that utilizes a two-color swap mechanic to allow the player to evade danger. Slip is not for the faint of heart. It has an immense focus on timing and features devilishly tricky level design. The green light flashes; another caller is on the line. You can tell right away it's going to be one of  those  calls... he's got a simple request, but you're caught between the bureaucracy that requires a gauntlet of security questions and a person who can barely remember his last address. It would be so easy to let things slide. You are Akane, a Kunoichi ninja secretely loving her master Goro, a noble samurai. One day Goro is kidnapped by the evil Hiromi and her minions - you have to rescue him, but it won't be an easy task! Many enemies will try to stop you, and you'll have to be brave to fight against the evil ninjas and huge monsters loyal to Hiromi. Evolution RTS  is a free an Open Source RTS game designed using the Spring Engine. It has been in development for over 5 years and receives updates often. The castle needs a hero  hordes of trolls are surrounding it! Build towers, save money, learn spells - don't let the enemy in! Follow the exciting story of the dwarven kingdom's eternal struggle against the troll hordes, who want only to crush the dwarves and claim their territory. Command your party of four heroes as they fight to protect the last remnants of humanity. Born in a time of warring gods and dark powers, your four unlikely heroes embark on a grim journey set in the sprawling and immense post-apocalyptic medieval world of Steel. It is the dawn of the Seventy First Year after the world has fallen. Fight, trade and explore in a massive procedurally generated galaxy of millions of planets and stars. Amass money and power, upgrade or purchase new ships, and one day create your own small fleet with a base to call home. Vitrum is a 3D, first person, puzzle/platform game. The main character is an android designed to convert energy from crystals into powers. The android can absorb energy in each of his hands, allowing him to combine different powers. Motte Island is a horror-themed game with a top-down persepective making it a rarity in the genre. The storyline is well-thought out and exciting. Please click  Read More  in the description and scroll to   Message From Developer. Customize your fighter  with tons of different options and get ready to fight into the Championship. Filled with bugs, shorter than you want it to be, lacking features you crave, and just *not* fully tuned yet - this alpha release may infect your brain and leave you curled, twitching in a corner, while you jones for more zombie goodness. Three Dead Zed is an action/puzzle-platformer in which you take control of an experimental zombie that can transform into three unique and distinct forms. With quick reflexes, a little problem solving, and some rescued kittens, players make a violent exit that won't be forgotten by their captors. This is a zombie game that brings out your inner child, then chews on its brain. Oh look, it's just another  marble  game. Wait...I can control three marbles at once? Special Edition  Specifically for release on Steam, Smugglers 5 now features a higher native screen resolution for the main game screens and an updated combat system to make battles more varied. After the official release on Steam, the developers will continue working on and improving the game. About the Game  Smugglers 5   is the fifth installment in the  turn-based   single-player space trading game series. In Co-op mode, play the part of a Rifleman, Sniper, Engineer or Medic, and master the unique skills of each class to help your team to victory. Daily new missions mean you'll always have a fresh challenge to face and new rewards to unlock  regardless of whether you tackle Regular, Skilled or Hardcore campaigns. Brawlhalla : An eternal battle arena where the greatest warriors in history brawl to prove who's the best that ever was, is, or will be. Every match is an epic test of skill, speed, and strength, and every victory brings additional glory and bragging rights to the winners. These slugfests are salted with powerful weapons and gadgets. Growing pains is a fast and furious platformer which gives the genre a shake up with sleek graphics, a thumping soundtrack and an ingenious twist that youve never seen before. The  Vessel  which you control continually grows and expands leaving you in a permanent race to clear the area and escape before you get too big and find your butt wedged in a tight spot. Combine this with tight controls and levels crammed with devious traps and you've got a heart-pounding race guaranteed to leave you with sweaty palms and a sense of overwhelming satisfaction when you reach the goal. As she enters the house, she is confronted by a mystical mirror thats taken her kids and locks them away in a magical world. Did you love the smash hit The Mirror Mysteries? Try the next installation in the series and continue the saga! Tommy is all grown up and on the hunt for the mirror that changed his familys life forever. Obsidian Entertainment, the developer of Fallout: New Vegas and South Park: The Stick of Truth, together with Paradox Interactive is proud to present Pillars of Eternity. Recapture the deep sense of exploration, the joy of a pulsating adventure, and the thrill of leading your own band of companions across a new fantasy realm and into the depths of monster-infested dungeons in search of lost treasures and ancient mysteries. Blinking against the light, you step into a world that seems broken apart, almost dead Yet there is a pulse, beating faintly in the back of your mind. What has happened in this place, where the people are gone and their memories echo in the silence? Unravel an ancient mystery and search for an ancient treasure on England's fog-shrouded coastline, famed for its legends of smugglers, pirates and ghosts. Join ghost-hunters Nigel Danvers and Lucy Reubans as they investigate a tale of horror and haunting. Wielding the tools of the modern-day ghost-hunter in a cinematic, richly detailed interactive world of wind-swept coastlines and crumbling crypts, you will be captivated, taunted and teased by mind-bending puzzles and interactions with the town 'locals'. Ever since a brief but disturbing experiment with a Spiritboard, he has felt someone, or something, calling to him. What is the significance of the word 'Blackenrock'? Halloween: the veil between our world and the 'otherside' is at its weakest. Witches celebrate Samhain, a Celtic festival from the old religion, conjuring the dead and communing with the spirits. Nigel Danvers, ghost-hunter, knows all about the ghosts that dwell in the darkness, he has seen plenty to convince him there are dark forces at work. Master your destiny as you plot their course of action across an apocalyptic wonderland! In our fast-paced, turn-based, co-op adventure you'll quest and explore, find awesome loot, customize your fighters, and recruit strange species. House fires, traffic accidents and large-scale emergencies: Experience the day-to-day life of the fire department in Firefighters 2014  The Simulation Game! Finally, what firefighter simulation fans have been waiting on for a long time  play and immerse yourself in the daily operations of a fire department: traffic accidents on the highway, fires in the city and in the countryside, subway derailments and much more. Your squad members head out with you on your daily operations, putting out fires and helping you in dangerous situations. An entire industrial empire under your control. Have you always dreamed of swimming in money? In Industry Empire you are the boss of all bosses. From the makers of the world renowned Wizardry Empire titles, Starfish SD brings you the latest entry in their popular series of dungeon crawlers. Elminage Gothic, previously only available in Japanese on PlayStation Portable, now comes to PC offering a classic old school dungeon crawling experience with a dark, gothic twist! In ancient times, the Great and Dark Gods clashed in a ferocious war over Man's control of the world, bringing despair and ruin to the lives of all humans. Special Offer   The Witcher: Wild Hunt is a story-driven, next-generation open world role-playing game set in a visually stunning fantasy universe full of meaningful choices and impactful consequences. In The Witcher you play as the professional monster hunter, Geralt of Rivia, tasked with finding a child of prophecy in a vast open world rich with merchant cities, viking pirate islands, dangerous mountain passes, and forgotten caverns to explore. Written over the past four years, journalist Geoff Keighley  chronicles the inside story as only he can with a gripping 25,000 word longform app. Featuring exclusive artwork, never-before-seen videos, candid interviews with over 80 individuals, and countless revelations about the twists and turns of development at Respawn Entertainment during the creation of Titanfall. If you like building crazy contraptions, you'll love this app. The first and only  official Rube Goldberg puzzle game. Solve everyday problems in Rubes trademark elaborate whimsical style by creating hilarious machines. As a deepening crisis threatens to plunge the floating world of Cocoon into chaos, a band of unsuspecting strangers find themselves branded enemies of the state. With the panicking population baying for their blood, and the military all too happy to oblige, they have no choice but to run for their lives. Combining a global strategy with small squad tactical combat, the challenge offered is to fight against an alien invasion. Featuring run time generated tactical missions with innovative simultaneous combat action; the genre is also enhanced with strong RPG elements, offering a quite unique mix of strategic ideas. X-Plane 10 Global is the latest version of a simulator that has been in development continuously for almost 20 years. This latest version of X-Plane 10 brings numerous improvements and enhancements for PC, Mac and Linux virtual pilots, unleashing the power of modern systems with its 64 bit processing and multi-core support. Designed to be the most flexible flight simulator it has a fully open structure that allows the enthusiast to change every part. Become the ultimate botanist by running your own plant shop full of wacky and exotic plants. Whimsical clientele place orders for plants in your catalog, but not all plants you can order have the right traits your customer is looking for in a specimen. Its up to you to use a special machine in your shop to breed the correct plant with the right traits to complete a customers order. Game Character Hub is the ultimate program for creating and editing 2D game assets. It provides a built-in generator for character and tileset creation. While the program was made to be compatible with RPG Maker XP, VX and VX Ace, the elements found in the program should work with other 2D game engines as well. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. The Plot:  Once again, the world relies on Fox - Spy Fox, the suave secret agent who smoothly finesses his way through Spy Corps' toughest assignments. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Where would you like to go next, SPY Fox? Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Grab you helmet and help SPY Fox catch Russian Blue and return the prized Limburger Cheese! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. 101 Levels of Tomato Saving Fun! Please do not PURCHASE it unless you want to actively SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT of the game and are prepared to handle with SERIOUS ISSUES and POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS of gameplay. Welcome to GTGD S2 the awesome sequel to  GTGD S1, the video tutorial package that helps a gamer turn their dream of developing a game into reality. Can you conquer the ever changing dungeons of DarkEnd and save the fall of humanity? Choose your heroes and venture into a world filled with numerous treasures, mysterious secrets and discover a haunting past in this 10+ hours of retro 2D Dungeon-Crawling! Racer 8 is the ultimate Rally inspired puzzle game that will have players revving their engines or leave them running on fumes! Navigate your car, which is constantly in motion while rotate the square tiles on the map grid in order to form a track for your car to follow, through a series of checkpoints and ultimately across the finish line. Forged in the Beginning and protected by the Seven Seals, there lies a place where thought and creation intertwine. The center for all realms of existence, it is the balancing force between good and evil, man and spirit. Set in a fantasy interpretation of ancient India, Unrest is an adventure RPG focused on story and choices. Play as five ordinary people who are struggling to get by in the famine-stricken city-state of Bhimra. Brave poverty, disease, treason, political and social upheaval. The raw, high-stakes world of illegal street racing comes to life in Street Racing Syndicate. Trick out over 40 authentic licensed cars with parts from over 15 real-world manufacturers, then turn your customized ride loose on the streets of 3 cities across the USA. Lay it all on the line - your wallet, your woman, your pride and your wheels. The Gold Edition contains both  Panzer Elite Action - Fields of Glory  and its  Dunes Of War  expansion! In the near future, humanity has discovered a new element in their search for renewable energy: Magicore. Using  cauldrons  to refine the element, humans successfully create magic, and mages are born. From the creator of Cave Story comes Pixel's latest work; Kero Blaster. The C F Inc. teleporters are going offline all over the place, and it's up to an intrepid frog employee to fix the situation. We make games with a purpose. The purpose of Chompy Chomp Chomp is to bring people together. Chompy Chomp Chomp is a game where people of all ages, tastes and skills can play together, and enjoy themselves on a level playing field. Your survival is dependent on protecting two vessels - they are devices in sync, a dance and song between two entities tethered together in symbiosis. Feel edge of your seat terror where the world around you becomes quiet and numb as all that matters is the game -- that is  Duet. Feature List  -Easy to learn but hard to master gameplay
-3 levels of difficulty to unlock
-Works great with touch screen monitors or with a mouse
-Simple pick up and play mechanics
-Intriguing dark story told through unlocked poems 
-Includes Steam trading cards   About the Game Pressured is a unique and intense number puzzler. Hit your targets to unlock pieces of the dark story, all told via the poetry of Nicholas Gordon. You'll need a combination of quick thinking and sharp reflexes if you don't want to succumb to the pressure. Sister Tabitha has been asleep 8 years. On route to investigate the disappearance of the orbital Monastery  Enoch's Hope ; She is haunted by reoccurring dreams of a Dimethyltryptamine harvesting  Garden of paradise. At least that's what the box said to the obscure avante garde 90's game the  Shovelware Queens  started reviewing. Princess Isabella is all set to marry the love of her dreams, Prince Adam. After returning home from a trip, however, she finds that an evil curse has been placed on her castle by a mysterious witch. The curse has placed evil in every room, and turned everyone inside the castle into mirrors! And this time shes captured Princess Isabellas child and cast a spell over the whole kingdom in the process. Save the kingdom and follow the witchs evil path back to her lair. Rise of Prussia Gold is the new and improved version of AGEODs Seven Years War  game set in Europe. This hugely detailed strategy game was initially released by AGEOD in 2010 and the Gold version adds numerous improvements and additional scenarios that take the game to the next level. The original game is set during the age of famous king Frederick II, featuring Prussia and her allies in her grand fight against the Coalition led by Austria with France, Russia, Sweden and the Empire. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Join Pajama Sam, the world's youngest superhero! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Pajama Sam is off on a nutritiously edible adventure! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Climb in and help Pajama Sam control the Sock-O-Matic Mark III, the sock-sorting dream machine the makes chores fun! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Climb aboard and join Pajama Sam as he jumps and glides through wild worlds, collecting toys, and dodging dangers along the way! When an evil ruler greedily taxes his people to near starvation, theres always one who rises against all odds to fight for whats right... but Fighting for the good of the people often results in fighting for ones family. Help our brave new Hero rise from humble beginnings to becoming the champion of which stories are written for centuries.Buy Deponia Doomsday:     the Game Junk, junk and even more junk. Life on the trash-planet Deponia is anything but a walk in the park. No surprise that Rufus had enough of that and hatches one ludicrous plan after the other to escape this bleak place. Black Mirror is a dark adventure game that details the aftermath of the tragic death of William Gordon. Playing as his grandson Samuel players must unveil the truth behind the events of that fateful, stormy night. The Gordon family has accepted William's death as suicide; however, Samuel is not so sure. Antharion is an epic old-school fantasy RPG that combines tactical turn-based combat with the freedom of a huge living-breathing open world. You'll create and customize a party of four: choosing from seven races, nine classes and fifteen skills, before setting out to explore the fully interactive continent of Antharion. Explore dungeons, get thrown in jail, discover hidden passageways, burglarize homes, read books, create potions, become and infamous pickpocket, embark on a journey at sea and discover uncharted islands or persuade NPCs to do your bidding. Overcast : Walden and the Werewolf  is a Western Survival Horror game developed by Microblast Games. The game tells the story of Walden, an old hunter who lives alone in the woods. Recently, Walden began to be haunted by a mysterious creature that destroyed the village located near his cabin, killing every person residing on the premises. Sentinel is an interactive audio tower defense game. It mixes strategic game play with a dynamic music system. The game takes place on a sequencer-like grid. Feature List  Our Custom Map Workshop goes LIVE on April 16, 2016. We are celebrating with a 2 week sale so come try out H-Hour and the new community maps! About the Game H-Hour: World's Elite  is a tactical, team-based military shooter in which cooperation among players is required for success. Cosmochoria is a love letter to old-school action / arcade games like Asteroids, Sinistar, and Mario Bros. Cosmochoria is a mesmerizing way to kill hours: hopping between planets, unraveling forgotten mysteries, killing aliens   giant space monsters and planting mysterious seeds to sprout new life across a long-barren galaxy. You play the role of a tiny pink naked cosmonaut who 'finds himself' in a distant galaxy. While no story is immediately apparent, consecutive games will begin to reveal some of the deeper mysteries surrounding the universe around you. Card Hunter is an online collectible card game which blends together card play, deck building, tactical combat and fantasy role-playing in a way you've never seen before. Grab your cards, miniatures, dice and snacks, then journey to a new world of adventure on the tabletop of your Game Master, Gary. Ever wonder what sort of secrets are hidden amongst nature? Nows your chance to find out. Soar through the skies, swim the depths of the ocean, and explore the lush rainforests in  Wander, the non-combat explorative-based MMO. The story is about a guy who has lost meaning in his life, because of the tragic death of his girlfriend. Drunk and depressed, he got behind the wheel of his car, determined to commit suicide in the same spot where she died. Somehow he survived the accident, but fell into a coma, and his soul is now wandering the world of the dead where a new story unfolds. Like so many, Derek Hales is fed up and is dreaming about ditching the nine-to-five lifestyle. When he learns that his late uncle made him the sole heir of Carpe Diem Boats, a boating company on the tropical complex of the Jo Jo islands, he does not hesitate for a second. No Borders   An ever infinite and ever expanding universe. Do you enjoy hack-n-slash but longed for a bit more? Maybe you like tower defense games but find them a bit boring? Heldric is a unique mix of the same old styles of game with a few new twists. Elliot cant diebut hes still running out of time. In Elliot Quest, the victim of a rare curse must find a cure before hes transformed into a demon. After Elliots wife disappears, he falls sick and attempts to take his own life--only to discovers that he cant die. Discover ancient mysteries, live off the land and fight deadly creatures, all in a beautiful, massive open world. The evil Queen Vexa and her minions have invaded Amazing World. Now the Zings need YOU to help save their beloved home! Choose your character and jump right into tons of quests, mini-games, and multiplayer events as you explore this family friendly, fully featured 3D MMO! Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Reborn  is a first person hunting simulator where you hunt the largest and most dangerous creatures to ever exist  DINOSAURS. This game is a sequel of the original classic dinosaur hunting video game, Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter. Its an authentic hunting simulation where you track and stalk your prey. Guns and Robots  is free to play online third person shooter. The game brings robot action with massive customization. Players get cartoony bright 3D graphics in attractive environments and challenge each other in open arenas. Arson   Plunder is a 2D arcade/beat'em up adventure based on the genre classics of the 90's. The classic gameplay has been brought up to speed with the latest developments and trends! In typical beat'em up style, playing an orc or elf you wade through hordes of enemies out to kill you in  Story mode. Files will be downloaded in your Steam folder  play through Library   Music or click 'Show In System' to view folder. About the Game Prepare for a mind-bending first-person adventure, as you enter the world of the Odd Gods and discover the magical power of the TRI! Cinders is a mature take on a classic fairytale with a heavy emphasis on player choices and role playing. Cinders is a witty young woman living with an overbearing stepmother and her two daughters, as if she was reenacting a certain well-known fairytale. But unlike its protagonist, Cinders is not afraid of taking fate into her own hands. About the Game  Saving the world from an alien invasion is in your hands. Dark Raid is a FPS Action game developed by an independent developer studio 'Vector Games'. Dark Raid is a new concept of mixing good old-school FPS game styles and new generation graphics and game-play. Road Not Taken is a roguelike puzzle game about surviving lifes surprises. You play as a ranger adventuring through a vast, unforgiving forest in the aftermath of a brutal winter storm, rescuing children who have lost their way. Randomly generated levels deliver a limitless supply of possibilities to explore and challenges to overcome. Is it a Tycoon Game yet? The current release is focused on Car and Engine design and does not yet include any tycoon or campaign mode. If designing cars and engines is your idea of fun, you'll have many hours of fun right now, if you're just in it for the Tycoon aspects, you will have to wait for further updates that are in development. Crawl is the local multiplayer dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters! Its bullet-hell beat-em-up meets old-school RPG, in an arcadey party-game for up to 4 players. One player is the hero, exploring a randomly generated dungeon full of traps and monsters - all controlled by the other players. Cult of the Wind is a game about people who pretend to be airplanes. In an unknown time and place, a cult that worships the wreckage of ancient airplanes gathers to mimic the dogfights of old. With the peak of humanity far behind, their world is a mausoleum to a lush and verdant Art Deco past. On White Noise Online, a team of up to 4 investigators has to explore an area looking for clues, while avoiding being devoured by a supernatural creature. Will you be able to uncover the truth behind the mysterious events? Dark Scavenger is a bizarre point-and-click RPG adventure with a focus on exploration, gaining loot, and meaningful choices. Filling the role of a powerful space traveler, you find yourself stranded on a mysterious planet in the company of three eccentric, yet resourceful aliens. As you desperately seek a way to repair your ship, a massive conflict unfolds around you involving warring factions and a sinister force that threatens to destroy them all. Pivvot is a thrilling game of strategic avoidance that will consistently test and challenge your ability to make quick, impulsive decisions. As the game progresses, you will have to rely on your instincts and problem-solving skills to navigate down the winding path for survival. With its intensity, minimalistic design, and puzzling logic, Pivvot is sure to keep you guessing at every turn. Spirited Heart is a fantasy life simulation game. Create your fantasy alter ego choosing between an apparently normal human, a cute elf and a wicked demoness: they behave differently in the various dialogue choices you'll encounter during the game. Once the game start you'll be able to run your life in a virtual fantasy world: choose a job from the 20 different ones available, but carefully check the minimum requirements. Hiding behind the mask of the average man on the street, and furtively blending into the background, many war criminals, ex-Mafia members and other criminals have been literally getting away with murder, or worse. Strategy, trade and empire building on the old Silk Road. Spice Road is a town building, social and economic simulation game full of original challenges. Deep in the mountains and deserts of central Asia, where life is hard and death is sudden, thin trails of gold, silk and spice trace a web between the industrial forges of the West and the exotic climes of the East. The eccentric architect Baron Wittard has built something really special: a city inside a building. This monumental pleasure dome, called 'The Utopia', features 1000 apartments, a shopping mall, and hundreds of offices and leisure facilities. Knight Squad is an insane 1 to 8 players chaotic arena friendship destroyer. Take on current friends and future frenemies in any of the incredibly fun game modes, ranging from Last Man Standing to Medieval soccer. All of that using only weapons from the middle age and laser guns and miniguns. Special Offer  Buy Merchants of Kaidan on Steam and get the soundtrack from the game for free!!! Regain your riches, restore your honor and punish those who have wronged you. Merchants of Kaidan is a challenging trading game fused with lots of RPG elements. Towns are set ablaze, and its magic power resurrects the evil creatures of the world. Aaru's Awakening is a hand-drawn, fast-paced 2D action platformer. The game puts players in charge of Aaru, a mythical creature with two unique abilities teleportation and charging. He uses these abilities as he travels through the dangerous world of Lumenox to defeat an evil entity. RimWorld is a sci-fi colony sim driven by an intelligent AI storyteller. Inspired by Dwarf Fortress, Firefly, and Dune. You begin with three survivors of a shipwreck on a distant world. Armed with a Boltgun in one hand and Chainsword in the other, uncover the truth of this once prosperous planet level by level, as you rain Carnage down upon the Ork horde And race against the ever advancing Rage. Begin your campaign as the legendary Ultramarine. In the first game by The Working Parts, a lone frog descends into the depths of a flooded forest, not yet knowing the full extent of its tragedy. To survive in a brutal, oxygen-obsessed ecosystem, you must help it see the patterns and hidden truths that make up the rules of the forest - horrible as they may be. Galcon 2 is a demolition derby in space! Send swarms of ships from planet to planet to conquer the galaxy in this fast paced multiplayer strategy game! Prepare yourself for another journey through series of new worlds, featuring multiple challenges with many ways to pass a level and resolve puzzles. Atom, Antler, Anaconda, Aurelius and Aardvark are ready and waiting to destroy hordes of A-Droids again. Roaming high in the clouds, free from all worries. Join the mystery with Scooby and friends and leap into the zany worlds of Looney Tunes in  Scooby Doo! Looney Tunes Cartoon Universe: Adventure. Solve the mystery of Kraken Cove with Scooby, Shaggy and the rest of the Mystery Machine Gang or help Bugs and Daffy discover who is behind the dastardly defective MOCME products that are creating chaos. In an ever-changing world, heroes are the only constants. Dark times are imminent: the kings abduction throws a once peaceful land into turmoil. Being the chosen one elected by the king himself through one of your dreams, you embark on an adventurous journey to free him from the hands of the evil duke and go down in history as the kingdoms greatest hero. After being separated you now have to play as each character. Help the family reunite, escape this long-lost Egyptian kingdom and discover the story behind the fascinating tomb and treasures that are buried within. What Comes with the Special Edition:    Shadowgate  is one of the most well-known and beloved point-and-click adventure titles in gaming history. As one of the original titles in the popular MacVenture series that went on to be celebrated on the NES, GBC, and Nintendo 64,  Shadowgate  quickly endeared players with its fantastic atmospheric soundtrack, perilous locations to progress through, countless puzzles to solve, and more ways to gruesomely die than gamers previously thought possible. Thrust into the role of  The Seed of Prophecy,  players travel deep into the living castle, in hopes of defeating the evil that dwells within  the dreaded Warlock Lord. Fenixs village was decimated by a huge explosion, leaving only our hero and the mysterious Oktarus. As Fenix, track down this shadowy villain through nine worlds, defeating brutal bosses and hundreds of minions bent on your destruction. Fenix Rage mechanics are unique yet simple  infinite jump and dash paired with instant restarts. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. So who is haunting the schoolhouse, taking the toys and practically scaring the scales off all the guppies? Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. The Great Conch Shell has been stolen and it's up to Freddi Fish and Luther to catch the culprit! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Hey Partner, Freddi Fish and Luther need your help! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. There's more to this case than meets the eye! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Dive in to help Freddi Fish and Luther keep the ocean from draining and save the sea creatures! Are You Destined to Free your People from the Hands of Tyranny? During this, the darkest of ages, the bubonic plague was rampant. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Purple Car Lands on the Moon! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Things have gone wild at the Cartown Zoo! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Jump in and help Pep collect all of the goodies before his rivals catch him! Official Humongous Entertainment T-shirts featuring Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Putt-Putt are now available on  Amazon. Get ready to jump in the water as you run the most exciting and wild marine park ever in the latest and greatest sea-life simulation! Control every aspect of your marine park, from caring, feeding and cleaning your animals to hiring and firing employees. Anomaly Defenders is the closing installment of the Anomaly series. The original incarnation of the Tower Offense sub-genre had players controlling humans fighting alien invaders. Mars has been colonized and has decided its time for independence from Earth. Tensions rise until finally war is declared between the two factions. As a stand-alone expansion pack to Legions of Iron, discover new innovations and even more stunning visuals that launch the Haegemonia experience into light speed. The Solon Heritage is a multiplayer-only package with over 70 new inventions, all new skills and heroes, new spaceships and strategy options with an all-improved AI. Colonize, conquer, conduct research, trade, spy and battle it out  but be diplomatic or extinction of your race is inevitable. PC version includes the system voice feature for 7 characters which was sold separately for the console version. Bonus content includes Special Original Soundtrack and BlazBlue Art Collection. In every city in the world, they are the unsung heroes of the road - garbage men and their high-powered garbage trucks. They provide the efficient collection and processing of a wide variety of waste and guarantee that our cities dont drown in garbage. In  RECYCLE: Garbage Truck Simulator  you drive impressively realistic garbage trucks through a lively city while taking on a range of management tasks as you head your own waste management enterprise. The critically acclaimed RPG Valkyria Chronicles invades PC in 1080p True HD! The Empire has set its sights on invading the principality Gallia, which shares its borders with the two superpowers, in an attempt to secure an invaluable natural resource, Ragnite. He is not a protagonist in our story, but just look at him - hes scrappy and funny, talks to himself, likes music and long walks behind the bar. In a word - he is quite mad, but as mad as he is, hes the one you come to for help. Lead your motorcycle gang on an epic journey across the country in this brutal driving combat adventure. Earn money by completing races, assassinations, robberies, and other challenges in your path. As you collect loot, you'll upgrade your character, your bike, and your weapons. Unpossible will test your skills, your reflexes, and even your memory. It will probably make you scream. When a  longtime friend contacts you to visit him with the utmost urgency, you arrive to find a troubled man haunted by visions of his recently deceased wife. When he suddenly dies under suspicious circumstances, you become the main suspect in two inexplicable deaths. Framed for two murders, and with a tenacious investigator on your heels, you race to decipher the clues that will lead to the true killer and prove your innocence. You must venture into the darkness and battle fearsome literary foes such as Hyde, the Headless Horseman and Dracula. Are you brave enough to face the most maleficent recesses of the human imagination? Shadowrun: Dragonfall - Directors Cut  is a standalone release of Harebrained Schemes' critically-acclaimed  Dragonfall  campaign, which first premiered as a major expansion for  Shadowrun Returns. The Director's Cut adds a host of new content and enhancements to the original game: 5 all-new missions, alternate endings, new music, a redesigned interface, team customization options, a revamped combat system, and more - making it the definitive version of this one-of-a-kind cyberpunk RPG experience. Infinifactory is a sandbox puzzle game by Zachtronics, the creators of SpaceChem and Infiniminer. Build factories that assemble products for your alien overlords, and try not to die in the process. The Void DLC offers endless gameplay, Online Leaderboards, and a Daily Challenge that allows players to compete worldwide for the top score. Prepare for the bar to be raised on deep-space 2D dog-fighting! Gear Up is a multiplayer game where you build tanks and battle online opponents. Crawl the arena in devious spider legs, escape with your trusty jetpack or serve your opponents a healthy dose of proximity mines as you design with over one million different combinations. Master the art of propulsion   Will you go for the rumbling caterpillar tracks, swoop across the arena using wind turbines or let loose the smell of burning rubber with go-kart tires? Let the makers of Hustle Kings transport you to the slick and exciting world of Pure Pool. Experience a living, breathing, bustling Pool Hall from the convenience of your living room  all wrapped up in VooFoo Studios signature jaw-dropping visuals! Whether you prefer to spend your time playing solo or weighing up against the competition, connect and prepare to be blown away by the next best thing to real life Pool. Meet Zak; a bumbling alien spaceship Janitor and wannabe Flyhunter. Zak is a Zursk- one of three alien species from Burgarol 3. He works on board the Flyhunter Crews legendary spaceship; The Frog but deep down he longs for an exciting adventure of his own. Serellan, whose CEO Christian Allen is a ten year veteran of the US Armed Forces, will donate a copy of EPSILON to Operation Supply Drop for every copy sold. The creators of the beloved Toy Story films re-open the toy box and bring movie goers back to the delightful world of our favorite gang of toy characters in Toy Story 3. As Andy prepares to depart for college, Buzz, Woody and the rest of his loyal toys are troubled about their uncertain future. Directed by Lee Unkrich, Toy Story 3 is a comical new adventure in Disney Digital 3D that lands the toys in a room full of untamed tots who cant wait to get their sticky little fingers on these new toys. Run, bounce, chant, and battle humongous bosses with a friend or family member in this beautifully animated, lighthearted adventure. Hippocampal is a satiric contemplative game. - Satiric because we are mocking the hero, game characters, movies, comic books and video games we liked. And also the ones you like. You are Dehon, the Great Disciple of the Caste of the 40 000 Moons. You have slain and devoured your brothers because they lacked courage in the face of the mysterious Evil that decimated your universe. Bravely fighting him in your fortress temple, you gradually lost your mind, and in a moment of lucidity you took your own life. Fiesta Online is a unique free to play anime MMORPG played by an active and friendly community. In a magical and colorful world, players assume the role of a fantasy hero and brave powerful enemies and challenging quests. With regular updates and more than 115 levels, hundreds of hours of gameplay content await you! The sun has disappeared from the sky! Darkness chokes the land, depriving it of all things good. Now its time for you to figure out how to bring the sun back! Fans of Elite League teams can now take control like never before with an authentic EIHL feel. About the Game Eastside Hockey Manager  has emerged from Steam's Early Access programme and is now available for full release. Special offer for Steam owners of Montezuma 4! Only for the owners of Treasures of Montezuma 3 and 4 on Steam we grant an additional  50% discount  for the Treasures of Montezuma 5 till the 31st of March! the Game  Free the gods powers and fulfill your destiny in the  Treasures of Montezuma 4! Special Offer  Buy Frederic: Resurrection of Music on Steam and get the award winning soundtrack from the game for free!!! Step into Frederic Chopin's shoes, and embark onto an one-of-a-kind adventure through musical genre in this remastered especially for Steam enhanced version. Frederic Chopin  one of the world's most talented classical composers, is brought back from the afterlife and finds that he's an involuntary part of a treacherous plan. Special Offer  Buy Frederic: Evil Strikes Back on Steam and get the award winning soundtrack from the game for free!!! Defeat famous opponents in musical duels. Immense yourself in fantastic story of Frederic's endeavors. Legends of Persia is a highly ambitious Action RPG Adventure which incorporating bloody battles, item usage, character building, and storyline incorporation. The storyline revolves around Keykhosro, the son of the Persian prince Siavosh, who in the name of his fathers blood seeks to take revenge upon Afrasiab, the king of Tooran. Throughout the game, the character will face difficult challenges to overcome, such as defeating massive waves of enemies, encountering difficult bosses, and finally dealing with Afriasiab, his fathers killer. Which Team has won the last Champions League? Who scored the Wembley Goal, causing the 3:2 at the World Cup 1966? Which record established France in the UEFA Cup season 1997-1998? Jill   Mike have established their gardening company in Sunnyvale and now they are ready for the next step. Unfortunately, the dastardly Cliff Gold escaped prison and it seems that he is out for revenge on those who brought him to prison. Help Jill   Mike to win a contest that will be followed by contracts all over the world and uncover, what the villain is really up to. The memories still burn deeply, like  spicy chicken wings. They came without warning, squawking menacingly, their ruffled feathers darkening the sun. NoLimits 2  is the ultimate roller coaster simulation that lets you experience authentic roller coaster thrills. Climb into the world's most famous roller coasters and experience the excitement in real time. Or design a new roller coaster that is engineered to your specifications. Kill Fun Yeah is an online 2D platform shooter. Murder and capture your way to the top, using an ever increasing arsenal of silly weaponry and items, the powers of deflect, attract and freeze, as well as various powerups. Make your own maps, using custom made tilesets and background sprites and create your own custom player skin to make you stand out on the battlefield. Story:   Time keeps slip, slip, slipping away...   You're trapped in a mansion with five guys, one of whom has a gun. There's a giant countdown ticking down. At the end of this story, someone will die. Feature List   Third Eye Crime Features:  Gorgeous visuals are set to a soulful jazz soundtrack in noir stylings, coming together to create a stylistically immersive gameplay experience. Third Eye Crime offers a unique twist to the stealth puzzle game genre. The goal is not just to avoid being caught by the enemy, but to misdirect enemies, leading them on a wild goose chase so the player can make a clean escape  Play through three acts covering eight unique environments totaling over 120 levels and visually intuitive gameplay, beginners are effortlessly eased into the heist before launching into increasingly complex levels. Jump, dodge   dance among insane hazards, missiles, lasers   monsters! Just Updated   Now on linux! About the Game   BOMB  is a pure dogfighting game, mixing elements of both arcade and simulation, easy to handle while providing convincing flight dynamics. Fight against your friends in dogfight, team dogfight and race multi-player modes, with up to 16 players. Build insane robot battle vehicles that drive, hover, walk and fly! Add weapons from the future and jump in the driving seat as you take your bot into battle against other players in this competitive free-to-win action game. Rhythm Destruction is a rhythm   shoot'em up that aims to combine the best of both genres. Blast and maneuver your way through perilous stages filled with numerous enemies, obstacles and unique boss encounters. Stay on beat to rack up the highest score possible and compete against others on the global leaderboards! Explore the macabre past of an old mansion in the 1930's and solve puzzles of light and shadows in this fully black   white survival horror! Players are trapped in this nightmare where darkness is a constant threat! openCanvas is a painting software dedicated to Windows Operating System, that is suitable to beginners to advanced users. Equipped with analog-like brush strokes and functional yet user-friendly interface, openCanvas has the higher basic performance and the unique  Event  function that enables to record and replay the drawing procedure. Various functions and excellent performance of openCanvas strongly support visualizing your creativity. One of the greatest sci-fi strategy games of all time returns Spring 2016 with remastered visuals, online multiplayer, and near unlimited mod content from Steam Workshop. Enter an alternate vision of the 1960s where the space race is nothing more than a cover for an interplanetary war between the US and Soviet Russia over mysterious alien bio-metal. Take command of an army of sleek heavy assault tanks, strike cruisers, APCs and more, and wreak havoc with super-heated projectiles in your mission to blast your enemy from the face of the Moon, Mars, Venus, Titan, Io and Europa. It's the 3rd century BC, despite being supported by thousands of mercenaries, Carthage has just been overrun by its sworn enemy, the Romans, during the first Punic War. In the midst of the killing, Salammbo, the daughter of the commander of the Carthaginian forces, falls in love with the leader of the mercenaries, Matho, who is laying siege to the city as he demands payment for his services. Inspired by the novel of Gustave Flaubert and the works of Phillippe Druillet, Salammbo: Battle for Carthage puts you in the middle of two of antiquities greatest powers. Psichodelya pays homage to old-school style top-down shmups  such as DoDonPachi, Ikaruga, Espgaluda, R-Type Delta, Aero Fighters, Giga Wing, Raiden, and more recent Jamestown. Players control one of 3 playable ships - dodging bullets and destroying wave after wave of enemies for points in either single or 2 player local coop modes. There are 5 manic levels, each with an epic boss and 5 difficulty levels. Help Sally the seahorse collect and match ocean treasures before they fall to the seabed. Match the falling ocean gems and play through three exciting and absorbing game modes in the perfect blend of relaxation and Match 3 fun! High Score Tables to save your best scores An exciting, all-new gaming experience which is fun, challenging and will help you increase your overall mental fitness! Create Numba chains in various sequences. The Kingdom of Fairbridge was saved, this time. While this battle is over in your favor, the war continues. Goblins, Orcs and Troll troops have  regrouped in the mountains and prepare for the next brutal onslaught. Castle: Never Judge a Book by its Cover  is an investigative adventure game that will immerse casual players into the thrilling exploits of famous mystery novelist Richard Castle and Detective Kate Beckett. Over the span of five chapters the player will be tasked with finding evidence, tracking down suspects, and uncovering the truth behind the copycat killer responsible for staging murder scenes depicted in his novels. RADical ROACH is a fast paced shoot em up, set minutes after nuclear hell falls from the sky engulfing all but a few tough little bugs. Play as the super little radiated roach with new found powers, get to safety before the army of fleas gets you. Inspired by the DisneyPixar animated film, Cars 2: The Video Game lets players jump into the Cars2 universe with some of their favorite Cars personalities in exotic locations around the globe. Continuing the storyline from the upcoming film, players can choose to play as Mater and Lightning McQueen, as well as some brand new characters, as they train in the international training center - CHROME  to become world-class spies. Theyll take on dangerous missions, compete to become the fastest racecar in the world, or use their spy skills in exciting, action-packed combat racing and battle arenas. Brave: The Video Game is a Third-Person Action-Adventure game that is a companion release to the Disney/Pixar 2012 major animated release of the same name. Brave is Pixar's first fairy tale release and features the adventures of Merida, the studio's first female lead character in a movie. The game features: a family-friendly storyline, bow and arrow as well as a sword combat, agile in-game movement, puzzle play, characters from the movie as well as others unique to the game, and compatibility with both Windows and Mac operating systems. Submerged is a third-person combat-free game in which you explore a mysterious flooded city and discover the beauty of desolation in vast outdoor environments. You take on the role of Miku, a young girl who has brought her wounded brother to the city in their small fishing boat. Navigate the flooded city streets by boat, scale the drowned buildings, and use your telescope to scour the city for the supplies needed to save your dying sibling. After the space faring antics of Saints Row IV, many fans asked what we could do next the answer? Shoot The Devil in the face. Play as either Johnny Gat or Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a quest to save the leader of the Saints soul. War of the Human Tanks - ALTeR comes with the three DLC created by Yakiniku Banzai for the original Japanese release built in - Blue, Black, and White. Delve deep into the Great Cavern of Mt. War of the Human Tanks - Limited Operations is the third game of the 'War of the Human Tanks' series. In 'Japon', a country bearing a close resemblance to modern-day Japan, 'Human Tanks' have been fighting a sequence of wars against each other. Due to the reduction of 'radiotoxic particles', their fuel, their era is considered to be about to end. Screencheat is the ridiculous split-screen shooter where everyone is invisible so you have to screencheat, core meets casual as we combine many different styles of gameplay in a fun, immersive experience. The fledgling Alchemy Guild of Primordiax needs you to help restore its former glory. The War in the Pacific begins, Admiral! This game includes:    Huge map of Pacific with tens of thousands of hexes   Scenarios like Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Guadalcanal   Alternate scenario of Japan invasion on Australia   Hundreds of units   Detailed OOB   Attack on Pearl Harbor   Storm over the Pacific is a game that takes place during 1937-1945. It depicts the conflict between the Japanese Empire, the USA and other allies during World War II. Your name is Tex Murphy, Private Investigator in San Francisco. You've been hired by the beautiful daughter of a university professor to uncover the facts about his death. Experience the power of full motion video and sound! An exhilarating fast paced interactive mystery Guaranteed to Entertain You! Enter the virtual world of  Under A Killing Moon, where it is December 2042, and you, as Tex Murphy, must stop the forces of evil before they destroy mankind and rob you of your next unemployment check. This thrilling and hilarious adventure is unlike anything you've seen before. The graphics quality, the fascinating, believable characters, and complete freedom of movement will make you feel like you've actually walked through the screen and become the main character in a rich, intriguing mystery movie. The Government has covered up the greatest secret of the 20th century. It's April 2043 and you- as Tex Murphy, the last of the old-style gumshoes- find yourself racing against time in the most dangerous game of your life. Her father is just plain deadof an apparent suicide. She's certain he was murdered and is willing to do anything to prove it. Floating Point is a free, peaceful game about using a grappling hook to swing yourself gracefully through randomly generated spaces. In the air, you're fighting gravity. When you splash down beneath the water, you're fighting your own buoyancy to swing yourself further into the depths. Enter the world of  Necronomicon - where quiet scholar William H. Stanton is suddenly thrust into the dark and enigmatic world of the occult. Stanton is in the drawing room of his Providence, Rhode Island home when his childhood friend, Edgar, appears at his door. Experience the everyday duties of a roadside assistance team in this realistic mix of simulation and management game. Direct your rescue team from your roadside assistance center. Unlock new regions and try to attract as many new customers as possible through successful and efficient operations. Captain the Vegendary Heroes, survive the Zombiegeddon and take revenge upon the birds, the pigs, and the zombies! Enjoy this mind-blowing travesty of mobile game hits! - Enemies have joined forces to destroy all plants! the Game  Battle Mages is a courageous mix of the RTS and RPG in a huge fantasy world, full of mystery, mythical creatures, magic and knights honor. Imagine as you have just graduated of an Imperial Magic School and now you have to face the trial of Battle Mages Guild completing the tasks in the Mage Towers all around the Internal World. the Game  In a land of enchantment, torn by evil, a hero arrives to save the day! His name is Solar, and he brings courage, bravery, and skill with a sword. Xbox 360/ Xbox One Controller Support  In addition to mouse and keyboard controls, we also offer full support for Xbox 360 Controllers for Windows and Xbox One Controllers for Windows in  Mode! About the Game  Fight as a soldier. Dangerous is an epic 3D open and living world space sandbox combat RPG with an immersive and riveting story. You have been awoken from cryo sleep a century later, and must discover the truth. Are you the feared war criminal who will destroy all life or the savior of the universe? Of Guards and Thieves is a multiplayer stealth game in which high-powered guards face off against fast and elusive thieves in a contest of wits. Outsmarting the enemy and shooting your way through to the goal are equally valid strategies. Quantum jump your way to critical velocity in Boson X: the rotational runner set in a particle collider. Build up speed inside a massive particle accelerator and generate high-energy collisions to discover strange new particles. Use precise timing and fast reflexes to navigate a subatomic world where floors and ceilings don't exist. Cyto has lost his memories, help him get them back. Fling Cyto through beautiful, other-worldly levels to collect memory fragments and piece together his story in this irresistible, cute, and challenging puzzle game. Just Updated  Call to Arms just moved to Beta and we are now halfway-through our Early Access phase! At this point, the game is at a solid state and we are focusing on adding content, fixing remaining issues you may experience and working on new features and gameplay mechanics. It's a perfect time if you want to help with your input before the game is finished. Metal Dead  is a hilarious comedy/horror point and click adventure filled with laughs, blood, insanity, and of course... hordes of the undead. This twisted tale centers on two metal-heads in the midst of a zombie invasion. After crashing their car in front of a medical research facility, they become trapped and are forced to use their wits to puzzle their way to freedom. BlazeRush is a dynamic arcade racing survival game with no health, no levelling and no brakes! You can assemble a team of friends to play in local or online multiplayer, choose a car to your taste and chase, blow up and cut off! Adapt your style and tactics to new enemies, obstacles and tracks. The game is played from the first person; you will see the world through the eyes of kings daughter, who was overthrown by the brutal Iron Lord. We selected Steam Punk as a style of the game, which means that you will find many interesting puzzles, interactions with objects and mechanisms. Get ready for magic, monsters, and math with The Counting Kingdom! Writing simple spells, brewing bubbly potions yesterday was just another day in your life as the Wizards Apprentice. Today, a horde of angry monsters is attacking The Counting Kingdom, and only you can defend the castle towers! Momodora III is a classic action platform game with a variety of items and secrets. It's the third installment of the Momodora series, although playing the previous titles is not necessary to enjoy the game! The game takes a departure from the style of Momodora II and focuses more on linear level design, similar to the first title in the series. Divinia Chronicles: Relics of Gan-Ti is a single-player, classic-style Action-RPG with unique real-time combat system and fantasy world to explore    A long time ago at the peak of the High Kingdom of Pandura, a group of seers looked into legends of a powerful force believed to be the origin of life; this they called Gan, though modern peoples know it as Divinia. The ancients sought to utilize Gan as a weapon; in doing so, their perverse intentions spawned the malignant Gan-Ti, or anti-life. Infusing Gan-Ti into artifacts, the godlike High Kings ruled the Panduran Archipelago with an iron fist. Dynamic cubic world where you can build and destroy things and ones. Team Indie nominated for German Game Developer Award 2014  Team Indie has been nominated for the  German Game Developer Award 2014  in two categories. We are humbled to be nominated for   Best Action Game 2014   along big titles like  Lords of the Fallen  and  Ryse: Son of Rome. Moreover Team Indie is also competing for the   Innovation-Prize 2014   which is awarded to outstanding new experiences. Stained is a side-scrolling, platforming and combat action game set in an ancient, mysterious castle featuring detailed 3D environments with a continually changing game world. Events in Stained are triggered by breaking objects placed in and around the castle, and outcomes are determined by the combination of glass pieces that litter the ground, leading to a variety of experiences. Novel ways to break objects have to be thought of at times, which will keep the player guessing what the next puzzle will be. You came to see the old datached house which you are going to buy.There is no one in the house.While looking through the numerous rooms and corridors you understand that there is something unusual.Since then you found out a terrible story.Besides you understand that you're not alone there.There is a   master   in the house,the personification of the evil.At first it will frighten you,then it will try to kill you,after that it'll  call its dark forces.You have either to die or try to win the  evil by all means...  So,what is the place?Is the old,neglected detached house  a temporal portal or gate in hell? Moving to the past or future, you have to change your fate and prevent terrible events...  Plunge into the atmosphere of fear and horror,investigate the dark house full of mysteries and danger! Heileen, cute 18 years old english girl. She has a quiet life, without any real problems. But one day, her uncle Otto, a famous english merchant, decides that it is time for a change, and forces her to follow him on a journey to the New World. Build your space fortress any way you wish, set up wide variety of weapons and traps and let the invasions begin! The Beginner's Guide is a narrative video game from Davey Wreden, the creator of  The Stanley Parable. It lasts about an hour and a half and has no traditional mechanics, no goals or objectives. Instead, it tells the story of a person struggling to deal with something they do not understand. Set in Tristoy, an ancient fortress in the middle of the Sea of Shards you play together as Prince Freedan and the Wizard Stayn. You and a friend are forced to team up to try and escape the dungeon and defeat a common enemy, the Witch Ink. Our heroine awakes to find herself in an unfamiliar land. She has no memories at all, not even knowing her own name. To make matters worse, the first person she meets is out to kill her. You awaken in a decrepit old mansion. However, You have no memories, no concept of selfor, indeed, any certainty that You are even alive. Dark Lord Biganbad has - sigh - once again kidnapped the princess. But this time his evil schemes have gone too far and torn open a number of rifts between realities. You start where most platformers finish at the bad guys castle and run, jump, fly, fight and occasionally dance through the kingdom on your quest to unearth the truth behind these rifts and put a stop to Biganbad, once and for all. Dead Bits  is a colorful world, made out of Cubes and Alien Zombies! Roundabout is a '70s B-Movie game where you drive a constantly revolving limousine! Pick up passengers, find secret collectibles, take on dangerous missions, and fall in love in an open world puzzle adventure. Roundabout is the debut title from No Goblin, a studio founded by designers of games like  Destroy All Humans! Plan your defense, place your towers, get ready for action! Rush for Glory  is a challenging and rewarding  3D Tower Defense Game, in which players are defending their base against an alien invasion. By strategically building towers and upgrading them, the player can keep his base safely and further progress through the extensive singleplayer campaign. Dungeons the Eye of Draconus is a early 90s arcade style, one to three player, comedy, retro brawler, with both local and online multiplayer support, complete with mounts; multiple attacks, and varied gameplay, all reminiscent of Battle Toads, Golden Axe and TMNT Arcade. With a variety of enemies filling every stage, boredom is kept at bay as you and your friends battle through a bizarre fantasy world. Sentris is a musical performance game. Make your own music as you Drop, Recycle, and Stack  Sound Blocks  into a spinning loop. Freestyle with a huge degree of musical control. Adventures of Pip revitalizes the classic side-scrolling action platform genre. Pip -- the ultimate digital underdog  is a lowly single pixel in a 32-bit world who proves that you cant judge a hero by the fidelity of his shaders. During the game, Pip gains the ability to evolve and grow by absorbing pixels from his fallen foes. About the Game ITS HERE, FATE FANS! This one has more loot, more spells, more heroes and, most importantly, more pets. Are you ready for the FATE-IEST of the FATE games? Welcome to the final chapter in the classic, action RPG series! Cheerfully wandering across blocky terrain, the Monomino babies havent a care in the world. But little do they know theyre walking into peril. You are responsible to deliver them to safety. Faery: Legends of Avalon is a big role playing game packed with a very distinctive ambience and graphic style. Create your character, embark in a great adventure and discover the fantastic world of Avalon! You will have to understand why this magic world is dying, and save the kingdom from certain disappearance. Update 1.2.5  Update 1.2.5  is live! Each character has unique skills and multiple ways of overcoming obstacles - the choice is yours: ddo you fight your way to victory, call on your charm or try your hand at diplomacy? Rugby 15 is the best rugby simulation ever made. From 125 to 2000cc, find all of the biggest makes, faithfully reproduced with 3 unique ways to play: Superbike, Roadster and Custom. Hit the road in Tournament mode and take on over 40 challenges of skill on 20 different circuits. Testimonial      I find myself quite charmed by the game...it has a lot of heart, humor and creativity. Real time strategy game featuring over 130 different types of units and technologies, 21 campaign missions with characters and an intriguing story, unlimited random map skirmishes with many customizable settings, network multiplayer to challenge your friends, and so much more in this RTS! All of the scientists are missing and the facility is ransacked. We always dreamed to play more games like  Clive Barkers: Undying, but the horror genre had a sudden change in direction which moved away from these niche games. As soon as  Amnesia  franchise started to pick up we saw an opportunity for a new mix. The general conception is that as soon as you have weapons to fight with, the horror part of the game fades away. Shoot enemies, survive, gain lives and achieve the highest scores possible all in an old school vector style game. Time of Fury takes you right into the European Theater of Operations. Strategic Command is the essence of winning the war and in Time of Fury the war is just huge, ideal for every strategy game fan. Capsule is a single-player survival game played entirely through a radar interface. Players navigate a hostile landscape, learn about their surroundings, and unravel a classic sci-fi story in the process. Best played in a dark room with headphones. Update 2.9: Ascension - Now Live! The fated day has come, and  ArcheAge: Ascension  is now available! The  Trove Essentials Pack  has everything you need to jumpstart your adventures as a new Trovian! Get ready to compete in the most brutal sport of the moment. In the Dog Eat Dog tournament, you should avail yourself of your ruthless fighting skills and crush your enemies if you want to make your way to victory. Fight alone or with friends, compete in multiple stages and game modes, and improve your favorite fighter. Dive into an exciting, action-packed adventure and relive the incredible scenes from the Hollywood blockbuster 'Kick-Ass 2'. Bloonz Toonz is an addictive and funny game for the whole family! Try to make the longest possible words from the colorful balloon collection and beat the high score. The longer the word, the more points are credited. The game that defined the survival-horror genre is back! Check out the remastered HD version of Resident Evil. In 1998 a special forces team is sent to investigate some bizarre murders on the outskirts of Raccoon City. It's America's #1 reality show for heroes! As a contestant on  The Hero Project,  you'll battle villains and heroes alike with your newly discovered  Infini  powers. Will you vote to eliminate your rivals, or betray your alliance to curry favor with the celebrity judges? Nows the chance to build the Zoo of your dreams! Become a zoo manager and take good care of your animal charges! Hexcells Infinite is the third game in the series of ambient logic puzzle games. It includes a new set of 36 puzzles as well as a random puzzle generator and now supports mid-level saving and cross platform cloud saves. The level generator uses an 8 digit seed number to generate each puzzle so they can easily be shared. Settling in a new village tucked away amongst a valley, you will explore unknown mysterious landscapes, harnessing a strange mystical power hidden there. Rooms is set in a dark and mysterious house called Rooms Mansion, the game plunges you into a virtual world based around 100 challenging sliding puzzles with a twist. In each room or level, you must think carefully and strategically navigate your character to the rooms exit by sliding sections of the room, the same way as a slide puzzle. Your character can walk from tile to tile, but remember that only the tile that your character is standing in can be moved. From the creators of Saints Row comes  Agents of Mayhem, a new IP set within the Saints Row universe! When the nations of the Earth have fallen under the rule of LEGION, a supervillainous cabal of criminal masterminds and costumed megalomaniacs, only MAYHEM is left standing to take back the world. Control a group of unique and diverse Super Agents to cause mayhem in the open world of Seoul, and stop the evil plots of the nefarious forces of LEGION. The steepest slopes, thrilling stunts and dangerous action provide a most excellent skiing experience. At an altitude of 2000 metres, far away from civilization, in a battle between you and nature. Who rides the craziest track, where does the next jump lead to; speed, tricks or staying upright - Only those who are willing to push their own boundaries will experience the ultimate adrenaline rush! Assume the many jobs of a service company and take care of a vibrant metropolis in the open-world city economy simulation CITYCONOMY. For you, that means: From the classic trash collection to drain cleaning, from towing services to lawn mowing, there's a wide range of missions available across the entire city! The three factions of the Aeon Nebula have broken out into war. Aeon Command is a tug of war strategy game, where you play as one of three unique factions to help gain dominance over the Aeon Nebula! Take control of your mother ship to gather resources, produce ships and fight off the enemy mother ship. Action-based combat and movement   No queued up actions like many massively multiplayer online games. You are in direct control of your ship. Star Sonata is a 3D top down action based game. Train Fever is a railroad-focused business simulation game. In other words, it's a modern-day Transport Tycoon with procedural content and a sophisticated city simulation. Its the year 1850, and there are great times ahead! Help out James Voodoo as he investigates a mysterious attack and goes on an incredible adventure in Voodoo Chronicles: The First Sign! Explore the forsaken hamlet of Ravenhill, then travel the worlds wealthiest city, Richtown, and uncover the secret of a lost tribe in this challenging Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game. Can you save the city from the terrifying monster? Set inside a universe based on scientific theory, college student Sam is inexplicably teleported to the decaying Heywood-Bowman facility, where she stumbles upon the Catalyst, a device that can manipulate the laws of physics. The Catalyst, one variant of a line of emergency and industrial tools, allows the user to temporarily walk on water, climb falling water, run faster, and stop objects in mid-air to create stepping stones. When Sam learns that a malfunctioning experimental stardrive, deep inside the facility, is threatening to rip space-time apart, she must use the Catalyst to find a way to destroy the stardrive, and ultimately find a way back home. You're Reyk, an Agent of the Order. The game offers a lot of liberty, and you'll find out that there's often more than one way to finish your mission. Youll participate in visceral dogfights, protect cities and fleets, bomb enemy structures and even fly through tunnels. Everything is set up in accurately recreated real life locations like Pearl Harbor, Coast of Dover, Midway, Germany and France. Unturned is a sandbox game in the emerging multiplayer apocalypse survival genre. Rather than focusing on being an MMO it provides players with easy systems to sit down and survive the zombie infestation with their friends. Over the course of a typical adventure, groups will have a blast fortifying locations, scavenging for supplies, trying to live off the land and negotiating with other people. Go stroll down the beach in your new bathing suit. Your adventure starts when you get stranded on a tropical island. This is an in-house developed module and fully integrated with the 3D module. Outland is a fast-paced, dynamic platformer where the player uses powers of light and dark in an epic journey to save the world from forces of chaos. In-between Balance and Chaos stands one man, whose efforts will either bridge the ancient divide or doom the world to destruction. Outland is an ambitious 2D-platformer with a beautiful visual style and a unique, polarity-switching gameplay system. Ever wanted to punch a bear IN THE MOUTH? and answers it with the epic tale of a lumberjack travelling through time punching bears in the face to save humanity. Its 1942, and deep in the South Pacific your platoon of crack troops lands on a tropical island, but can you defeat enemy forces and hold your ground to fight another day? Youll need to act quickly in this action-packed, WW2-themed battle strategy game  Control air, sea, and land forces, build your garrison, battle against friends and create powerful allegiances! Cakewalk Loop Manager is best experienced with Cakewalk DAWs           Cakewalk Loop Manager  is the easiest way for STEAM users to install and utilize premium loop content inside of  Cakewalk   Music Creator 7,  SONAR, or any Windows based  Digital Audio Workstation   that supports REX/WAV/MIDI files. All content is conveniently delivered into STEAM's Cakewalk Content Library. Cakewalk Loop Manager  is free to play for all STEAM users and includes 150MB of royalty free demo content. Blue Estate  provides previously unmatched immersion in the world of the Los Angeles mafia, packed with black humor, intuitive gameplay, and incredible fun. In  Blue Estate  you will play  Tony Luciano, the psychopathic son of the Italian mafia godfather of LA and  Clarence, an ex-Navy SEAL, penniless and now a hit-man bent on cleaning up the mess started by Tony. As Tony launches a personal vendetta against the Sik Brothers gang in an attempt to save his best dancer, Cherry Popz, Clarence wants to end the gang war, taking him to the farthest corners of Jamaica! Time of Wrath gives a fine piece of wargaming for every fan of WW2 era. This strategy allows players to take control over any country during World War 2 era in Europe and North Africa theater. It was designed in a way which allow players who are new to the genre to quickly familiarize with the rules and to start battles with veterans who still remember great classic strategy titles. FranknJohn is a horror inspired action roguelike, where your head  is  your weapon! Young FranknJohn is a failed experiment of a demented scientist, Dr Harmin. He wakes, with no memory, in a cell, with a head that can only stay on his body with the help of a chain. The game picks up directly after the end of the first game taking place on a mysterious Caribbean island where Heileen was shipwrecked with her friends. Heileen soon discovers a deck of tarot cards representative of the seven deadly sins and the seven heavenly virtues. The cards have the power to change both her dreams and her reality, and will help Heileen discover many hidden things from her past, and ultimately what she wants to be? Heileen 3 continues the story from the end of the second game and takes place in the Caribbean islands. Traveling side by side with Morgan the pirate, Heileen will search for her missing friends, hoping to reunite with all of them. But that's only the beginning, because the story continues! Special Offer  More  players. Servo is a sci-fi real-time strategy game from some of the key creative talent behind the Age of Empires series, which marries Diablo-like progression to intense RTS gameplay. Players design and equip their giant war machines, called Servos, with parts earned in battle, then jump into a variety of competitive and cooperative scenarios to battle for supremacy. Explore a dangerous planet that's different every time and try to survive! The Galactic Union's job for you is clear: research the alien wildlife -- for science! However, in this case, researching may include lasers, explosions, hungry aliens, space sushi, and other similarly delicious-or-terrifying hazards. Infect and Destroy  is an indie game in which you play as an infectious disease with the sole purpose of eliminating everyone on Earth. Play as an ultra-intelligent self-aware virus capable of reanimating the dead and turning them into your minions. It has everything you love about RPG's  loot, levels and action. But instead of level grinding, you will rid the land of evil, one province at a time. Its my brothers birthday and this Claw-thing crashes into our house and takes away Sammy! Echo of the Wilds is a puzzly narrativy adventure, featuring randomised wilderness survival. Finding yourself in mysterious forests you must unfurl a spiritual tale of solace before the unending winter consumes all. There a spirit guide will help you learn the skills of survival and the secrets of the wilds: why you awakened there, their purpose, and how to finally be free from its clutches and malevolent apparitions. What do I get right now? Explore the various ship hulls and module types and get an inside peek at the upcoming mechanics hunting for rogue ships hiding in rock clusters and nebulas, and orchestrate detailed fleet battles. Youll also have access to the tactical simulator so you can test out ship designs and hone those design skills in the hangar before youre cut loose in the procedural open galaxy due next update. Make 2D tilesets for your games in seconds. Save development time and money by getting forty-eight tiles for the effort of making three with added bonus features such as dynamic lighting, corner blending modes and more. Accompany Leona in a clever puzzle adventure to save the inhabitants of a strange but lovely world. Featuring fresh puzzle mechanics, wonderful retro graphics, lots of exploration and an excellent soundtrack by legendary game composer Chris Huelsbeck. Leonas Tricky Adventures is inspired by a clever puzzle game mechanic which was briefly explored in the very early 90s but sadly faded from prominence shortly after. Another Perspective is a puzzle platformer following the very confusing adventure / slow existential meltdown of someone looking for something that they don't remember. has the power to swap minds with what appears to be other versions of himself who all see the world in different ways. In the near future, humans will face the drastic consequences of climate change. Forced to take refuge in vital reserves using cryo-preservation, they await a second chance. Experience dragons in their proper role as the monstrous, complex, and epic protagonists that they are. In this open world action role-playing game you will bring your dragon's story to life. As you eat, age and hunt your dragon will develop allowing you to improve and customize its wings, tail, claws, and breath weapon. Whether fighting up close and personal with guns and grenades, raining down fire from a helicopter or laying waste with a main battle tank, Heavy Fire: Afghanistan is an  immediately fun, pickup-and-play experience for hardcore gamers and novices alike. Prophour23 is a fast-paced, replayable real-time strategy. It's designed for short, quick plays. The standalone sequel to Space Hulk brings an all new and improved single-player experience for the turn-based strategy game. Velocibox is a twitch-heavy action game crafted for the hardcore audience. Flip, spin and dodge your way through more than 70 deviously designed patterns. Features an insanely difficult Super Velocibox mode for the uber-hardcore. The world was surrounded by darkness. Too much suffering was endured by human in the fight for freedom. Freedom was the light, the light to absorb Tiestru. An extraterrestrial spacecraft was discovered during the last manned mission to the moon in 1972. Although all information regarding this was classified, the USSR discovered it and in 1976 organized an expedition to explore the wreckage. 2 years later regular flights to the moon had become common and the scientific research center Orbit was built but this information remained classified. Become the ultimate Dungeon Master as you bribe, entice and coax your heroes through their adventures on a quest to restore your guild to its ultimate glory! Guild of Dungeoneering is a turn-based dungeon crawler with a twist: instead of controlling the hero you build the dungeon around him. Using cards drawn from your Guild decks, you lay down rooms, monsters, traps and of course loot! Dokuro puts players in command of a charming little skeleton who is fed up with his master, the Dark Lord, and resolves to rescue a recently kidnapped princess. The princess is blind to the various dangers and pitfalls of the castle and will continue to move forward -- potentially to her doom-- if our hero doesn't do something! Company of Heroes 2: Ardennes Assault is a single-player only standalone experience that will allow you to familiarize yourself with the USF faction through 18 scenarios. To also have access to the USF army in multiplayer, you will either need to  buy it separately  or through  The Western Front Armies. Continuing the story in World War II, this exciting campaign places you in the heart of the battle, once described by Churchill as ...undoubtedly the greatest American battle of the War. In case of doubt, empty your magazines! Kill them allif you survive of course. Its time to save Europe and make History. It is a unique spin on the traditional gaming experience. In Karmaflow, the games story is presented entirely in the form of a rock opera, sung by some of the worlds most talented rock voices. Tired of playing the part of a wannabe hero in games? Bored of helping villagers get rid of the local undead? Why not play as one of those undead for a change? New shooter is available on Steam! the Game  The project to create the perfect soldier ran out of control, and turned itself into an incurable virus. The whole city is now under quarantine as the inhabitants transformed into blood-thirsty assassins. Act of Aggression  Reboot Edition  brings the techno-thriller RTS game Act of Aggression to a higher level. The Reboot Edition offers a full gameplay overhaul: new resource system, playable builder units, new base buildings, simplified research system, and many major mechanic improvements for smoother and more dynamic gameplay in skirmish mode against the AI and in your multiplayer battles. Either launch the original game or Reboot Edition as you see fit, and experience the new benchmark of real-time strategy games. Three for the Elves, seven for the Dwarves, nine for the Humans.... and ONE DIE that rules them all. Inspired by giants of gaming industry, we made a decision to create our own game, which would inherit some key aspects of  FPS  and  MOBA  genres but was built relying on opinions of common gamers. This is how  AXYOS  came to be. Four nerds, drawn into a fantasy world and mistaken for heroes, have to battle their way through a massive, crazy adventure and defeat a preposterous villain! Doom and Destiny  is a turn based hilarious jrpg where you take control of a party of four everyday friends. Journey through an unpredictable story filled with parodies and cameos. While on duty youll need to remain ever vigilant and question any suspicious behaviour to protect your small American town from a rising criminal threat. Off duty youll need to visit friends, family and live life to its fullest. Your actions while at work and home affect your stress levels. Convoy is a tactical roguelike-like inspired by Mad Max and FTL in which you cross a wasteland in search of parts for your broken ship. Presented in pixel art and set in a future post-apocalyptic setting, Convoy is a squad based tactical roguelike-like in its core. You travel with your combat vehicles and convoy across a wasteland to find parts needed to repair your broken spaceship. Welcome to Supreme, your guide into the euphoric world of pizza! There is no time to get bored on holidays! Half-brothers Phineas and Ferb always know how to entertain themselves. They can build an entertainment park in their backyard or think up something very special But their elder sister Candace is not very happy of their tricks. Battle demons and undead attorneys, and win souls to pay back your student loans! At the elite demonic-law firm of Varkath Nebuchadnezzar Stone, you'll depose a fallen god, find romance, and maybe even make partner, if you don't lose your own soul first. Choice of the Deathless  is a necromantic legal thriller by Max Gladstone, Campbell Award-nominated author of Three Parts Dead and Two Serpents Rise. Step into the cockpit of a giant robot in an interstellar civil war! Customize your mecha to duel against enemy pilots with  monosaber  plasma swords. Find glory, disgrace, and even love. Fans will be able to enter a world inhabited by these magical characters and discover the secrets of Pixie Hollow, while ushering in the seasons in the Spring Valley, Summer Glades, Autumn Forest and Winter Woods. Filled with ritual and ceremony, and sparked by fun and a whole lot of magic and Pixie attitude - players can explore the land of the Disney Fairies. Play as Tinker Bell, Iridessa, Silvermist, Fawn and Rosetta as you take on this exciting adventure. You asked for a challenge, now you have it! Squishy the Suicidal Pig   is no picnic. Have you ever wanted to change the weather? In Cubesis you can completely change the climate from tropical to icy. As the leader of the Cubies, you have to please your people, which means you will have to change the world wisely because it works as a fragile clockwork, and because it is guarded by two gods: Ikjuch and Likael who can be cruel and generous at the same time. Burnstar is a challenging, fast paced action-puzzle game that puts both your brains and your finger-brains to the test! Wings of Vi is a challenging 2D platformer in which you play as the angel Vi, tasked with defeating the Demon Lord Jehoul after he is freed from captivity. Throughout her journey she must traverse dangerous worlds and fight countless hellspawn in order to discover where JehOul lurks and save the world from his demonic clutch. The game takes inspiration from  Megaman,  Cave Story, and  Castlevania, along with a host of masochistic retro platformers, while cutting out the arbitrary difficulty of hidden traps and pixel-perfect jumps in favor of skill based gameplay. Hunters of the Dead is a survival/roguelike tower defense game with some micro management elements. You have to rescue your fellow Hunters and with their help locate and destroy Dracula. Dracula has raised an army of undead and has taken the whole city. From the Art Director of BioShock and a team of veterans of the BioShock, Halo, Guitar Hero and Rock Band series comes The Flame in the Flood. The Story of SunAge   With Earth teetering on the brink of extinction, the human Federals and mutant-gene Raak-Zun are battling for control of its dwindling resources. Into this savage conflict step the mysterious Sentinel, exploiting superior technology that opens gateways to an alien and resource-rich planet. SunAge features a compelling story spanning 25 missions across 3 campaigns. Prepare for the wildest ride of your life! Join Moorhuhn and his friends on their greatest adventure searching for the Forsaken Castle of lore. Face deadly traps and cunning fiends as you jump, run or ride on the backs of Moorhuhns friends through colorful cartoon landscapes of mysterious woods, rocky mountain ranges, treacherous ice plains and gloomy dungeons. Nicolas Flamel gained posthumous fame as an alchemist. According to legend, he is said to have found the philosopher's stone and attained immortality. Today, this is commonly dismissed as a fairy tale. Cargo 3 is a futuristic action game set in science-fiction horror world, which links the best features of the genre: unusual dynamics and thrilling high intensity of the gameplay. Our main goal was to create a unique, realistic and gloomy mood, build up tension and intensify fear, at the same time to provide players with a maximum of emotions and sensations. While producing the game, we also focused on giving the appearance of reality and authenticity, as well as ensuring a high degree of identification with a virtual hero. For the first time players can experience Tianas exciting world set in the jazz-infused era of 1920s New Orleans with the official video game inspired by the Walt Disney Pictures release of The Princess and the Frog. Celebrate favorite moments from the movie and take on new challenges with Tiana, as she pursues her dreams in a fun adventure. Meet favorite characters from the film and new friends, triumph over enemies, play frog games in the bayou, create music, cook New Orleans style and so much more. Malebolgia  is an atmospheric horror action/adventure, set in an old demonic palace, situated in the deepest Circle of Hell. The characters and story are inspired by Dante Alighieris Inferno, the ranks and nobility of the Ars Goetia and European history at the dawn of the 20th century. As the old and battle-weary Leopold, you are forced to fight your way through this desolate and cold bastion of Hell, filled with macabre ghouls, fiendish devils and gargantuan monsters. Disney Tangled: The Video Game takes kids 6-11 on a film-inspired, hair-raising adventure. In this story-based journey kids will venture into a  kingdom filled with colorful 3D environments, creative play, fun quests and competitive challenges. Kids will discover multiple activities, meet interesting characters, befriend animals and work as a team to help the unlikely duo of adventurous Rapunzel and swashbuckling Flynn with their comical antics. Crawlers Wanted: high pay, certain risk. Build a crew of renegade adventurers on the fringes of space, taking jobs from megacorps to hunt bounties, sabotage rivals and conduct corporate espionage. From Julian Gollop, the designer of the original, award-winning  XCOM  game comes  Chaos Reborn  - a fast paced, turn-based wizard combat game with strategic Realm Quests. Between 2 and 4 players can challenge each other to magical duels in a variety of arenas using a spell deck of interesting spells and creatures - including the Gooey Blob, Shadow Wood, and more. There is a monthly league system and several game modes with live or asynchronous battles. Young gamers travel to the worlds of Cinderella, Rapunzel, Ariel, Belle, and Tiana on a quest to transform evil imps back into friendly sprites in Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure. Players use their wand to cast spells on the imps and send them back to the Magical Kingdom. Each world is full of quests, mini-games, and other familiar Disney characters, and gamers earn gems to trade for new outfits, accessories, tiaras, floor patterns, wallpaper, and furniture to customize their character and decorate their room in the castle. Featuring Renegade Kid's in-depth  development diary, and critically acclaimed  soundtrack  by artists Roth Sothy, Matthew Gambrell, and Brian Altano! Xeodrifter is the story of an interstellar drifter traveling the stars on a simple mission of exploration. Based on the Walt Disney Pictures and Jerry Bruckheimer blockbuster movie of the same name, G-Force the video game is an exciting action-platformer that draws you into the adventures of an elite team of trained guinea pigs on a mission to thwart a sinister plot to destroy the world. Take control of both G-Force commander Darwin and his housefly surveillance sidekick, Mooch, as they apply their talents to defeat an evil army of altered household appliances. In Disney's G-Force the video game, by using each G-Force character's unique talents and gadgets, players can speed through areas, fly to high altitudes or even slow down time. Fly the famed Platypus fighter through a fantastic landscape of carefully molded clay to protect inhabitants of Mungola from the Collosatropolians! Collect power-ups and bonus stars to give your Platypus the boost you need. Every level of this gorgeous arcade challenge bursts with original fun that's perfect for gamers of all ages. Forge your own path, your own destiny. Live on the fringes of society and pick the bones of the fallen. Become a miner and trawl the constellation for exotic ores. In 1988, Rush appeared with Gold! in one of the most comprehensive adventure games of the 1980s. Now, the fondly remembered game, Gold Rush! Have you ever wanted to shoot poisonous lightning lasers? One in which you will have to build a complex system of conveyors and various devices so that the colored boxes can travel across the factory and arrive at right places and in right order. The revolutionaries acted swiftly, suppressing the prime minister, police, major corporations, and newspapers. Struggling to react, the old government faction sent the order to a secret information organization Igasei to initiate an assassination program called Yatagarasu and eliminate the leaders of the coup detat. Speeding trains...Trouble on the tracks ahead...Just one wrong move could spell disaster! Can you keep the wheels in motion as trains speed to their various destinations? Plan the route, change the junctions, time the stops, and avoid the trouble...it all sounds so simple! Time Mysteries 3: The Final Enigma is the epic finale to the time-travelling adventure series. In the face of the looming magical cataclysm, Ester Ambrose has to fight to save her future once again. Destroying Vivianas crystal tomb was supposed to turn Ester Ambroses fight against evil powers into nothing more than a distant echo of her past, a faint memory of a nightmare never to befall her again. Winnie the Pooh The Video Game is based on the movie of the same name. Following the same story as the movie, Winnie the Pooh is an interactive story book focused on delivering action-driven storytelling and incorporating educational content for children. The game is split up into chapters, each offering a new piece of the story, allowing players to interact with the backgrounds via a variety of kid friendly no failure mini games. Hunt, race and prank to become a Robertson! Take on the role of Willies son John Luke as he learns how to become one of the Robertson men! Interact with Willie, Uncle Si, Jase and the rest of the family from the hit TV show Duck Dynasty. From snow capped peaks of Njrdiack to the wide, stretched lands of Ha-Dys, this country once full of promise was now in the grip of Chaos. Released from Deepholm by the felon god Methem, Chaos has spread to the world as a disease, devouring the souls of the peoples of the Silmerie. In a final burst of courage, the armies of five kingdoms joined forces and swooped down on the ruins of Branilv at the heart of the region Ymar. Used in combination with the Royal Arms gadget, the spinning bone becomes a floating platform, allowing the Shopkeeper or his partner to perform otherwise impossible jumps. Ninja Pizza Girl is a serious game about self-esteem, bullying and resilience  and pizza delivering ninjas! Its deeply-woven story follows Gemma, a sixteen-year-old girl working as a pizza delivery ninja for her fathers independent Pizzeria. In a world where slums teeter on top of skyscrapers, where powerful mega-corporations exploit the poor and where quality pizza is hard to come by, Gemma must fight to keep her ideals, her family and their business intact in face of the most merciless enemies known to any teenage girl  other teenagers. The old gods have forgotten this land. No one could save our people when darkness started spreading and collecting human souls for its army. Odallus is a classic exploration/action game, inspired by Ghostsn Goblins, Demons Crest and Castlevania. Welcome to your new summer job at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, where kids and parents alike come for entertainment and food as far as the eye can see! The main attraction is Freddy Fazbear, of course; and his two friends. They are animatronic robots, programmed to please the crowds! Get inside a particle accelerator and experience unbelievable speed previously reserved for only the most advanced laboratories on Earth! The Collider is a fast-paced and compelling arcade game that will put your reflexes to the test. Tune in with the energizing electronic music and beat your friends' high scores. His tribes scattered and his totems lost. Heroes of SoulCraft  is the best Arcade MOBA. Play a great MOBA in max 5 or 15 minutes on your PC, mobile phone or tablet against each other with mouse, gamepad or mouse/keyboard. Heroes of SoulCraft  is an Arcade MOBA in which 2 teams fight against each other in fast-paced, tactical matches full of action and fun. Reviews and Accolades   5/5  A must-have. Granado Espada  is about discovering new continents during Europes Age of Exploration era between the 1500s and 1700's. The  Multi character control   is the most unique feature of the game, allowing players to control a party of up to three characters at a time. The approach to this style of game play makes Granado Espada feel like a hybrid MMORPG and RTS. Airport Simulator 2015 features a total of five popular aircraft types and 14 different vehicles, offering a huge range of different tasks on the apron and taxiway. These tasks need to be done, come rain or shine, day and night. Create your very own shape-shifting vehicle and dominate both the sky and the ocean. Build your own bespoke aircraft, from mainframe to wings. Dive into the Middle Ages and play the successor to the worldwide #1 hit, Bridge Constructor  Bridge Constructor Medieval turns back the clock a few centuries to the time of knights and castles. Build sturdy bridges to supply your city with provisions - or cunningly constructed bridges that collapse under the weight of attacking troops, sending the horde of enemies into the abyss below. You wont even be safe from cannon fire in the 40 brand new levels. Jenny LeClue is a handcrafted adventure with memorable characters, a unique aesthetic, and an epic tangled mystery. Its also a coming-of-age story about the blurred lines between right and wrong. This is a game about your choices and how they affect Jenny and the authors story. Experience a fairytale world of breathtaking sceneries and face a myriad of physics-based puzzles, wonderful contraptions, dangerous foes and enchanting creatures. Trine 3: The Artifacts of Power is a platforming game of action, puzzles and adventure, and the sequel to the award winning Trine and Trine 2. Reunite with the familiar heroes - Pontius the Knight, Amadeus the Wizard and Zoya the Thief in an all-new adventure, now for the first time in full 3D! The Detail, a crime noir adventure in a modern American city. Controlling the actions of a bitter veteran detective investigating a brutal gangland murder and a reformed criminal trying to protect his family, the player is forced to make tough choices and deal with the resulting consequences of those moral dilemmas. The gameplay focuses on branching narrative mixed with interactive comics, and is completed by a professional audio track. Just in time for back-to-school: 5 Monkey Tales Adventures in 1! Developed by leading educational publisher DieKeure and Larian Studios through four years of close collaboration with teachers, schools, and universities, Monkey Tales Games is a series of engrossing video games with a robust learning component tailored to every child. Monkey Tales Games' aim is not to instruct, but to help children rehearse and improve existing math and logic skills.These skills are stimulated by goal-  oriented math puzzles and drills set in the context of a larger fantastic adventure. Soundtrack Edition  The melancholy ballads of Issaria are available at a discount in the Soundtrack Edition of Moon Hunters. About the Game Explore a 1 to 4 player co-operative personality test set in a rich, ancient world that's different every time you play. You have 5 days before King Mardokh and the Sun Cultists declare war on Issarias tribes. The idea of creating a box of jewels, each filled with life... doesn't it give you a little bit of a thrill? This Starry Midnight We Make is a celestial growth simulation game wherein the protagonist, Hamomoru Tachibana, creates celestial objects using the mysterious Star-seeing Basin. Hamomoru Tachibana, our protagonist, is an overly serious, easily-flustered clergywoman. Train Town is traintastic fun for everyone. Build your world, choose your train, go on exciting adventures through cityscapes, jungles and deserts...and even crash and blow things up! From the makers of Trainz Simulator comes a whole new world of fun for young train fans . Meadowland is, in its core, a story. It is a story of dreams, magic and places far away. It is also an interactive poem, and a slow-paced experience in ambient delight. Ever wondered what would happen if you crossed Scrabble with an RPG? Now you don't have to, because Letter Quest is here! Help Grimm and Rose, a couple of adorable grim reapers, defeat monsters, ghosts, evil bunnies and more using the power of words! Are you ready to sit in the Captains Chair? From the creators of Vincere Totus Astrum comes a universe of exploration and adventure. As the Captain of your own Starship begin your journey of literally endless worlds by first selecting and editing your randomly generated race and ship, then set out for the stars. Drawing heavy inspiration from both Roguelikes and Japanese RPGs, the game was meticulously designed to offer a truly compelling role-playing experience complete with a robust action-rpg inspired combat system. Black Edition builds upon the classic SanctuaryRPG formula with all new procedurally generated artwork, as well as a plethora of areas to explore, races to experiment with, skills to master, and loot to collect. For centuries they have terrorized humankind but now they need your help! Rugby Union Team Manager 2015 immerses the player in the dynamic world of Rugby management. Allowing the player to battle their way through season after season; securing success both on and off the field. Pleasing the fans, and the star players whilst maintaining the backing of the boardroom. If you've ever wanted to step into the front office of your favorite pro hoops team this is your chance! Draft Day Sports: Pro Basketball 4 puts you in charge of your favorite professional basketball franchise. Draft, trade, sign players in free agency, and build your team into the next championship dynasty. Some places are best left alone even if advances in space travel make visits to remote parts of the universe a possibility. See what's at the far end of the universe and plan your escape. The FRITZ engine adjusts its play to suit any rating, while the integrated chess coach explains moves and positions, gives tips, points out hidden dangers, and provides detailed opening statistics. Feel the power of really flying a B-17! See what it was like to be part of the 10-man crew on dangerous bombing missions over occupied Europe. Outstanding graphics, animations, and sounds realistically recreate every aspect of the strategic air war in WWII. Down below, the enemy sits unaware while a sleek, metallic creature slices through the dark. No blips show on the radar, no sign is given. Then, an instant, the roar of exploding ordnance shatters the night, demolishing targets, sending troops and pilots scrambling. The catapult officer calls for full afterburner. 50,000 pounds of thrust spools behind you as your F-14 strains for release. The Deer God  is a breathtaking 3D pixel art adventure that will challenge your religion and your platforming skills. It's a game about survival, reincarnation, and karma; all set in a breathtaking and unique 3D pixelized world. Feast your eyes on the beautiful lighting, day and night system, and vast landscapes. Koya Rift is an action-packed platform shooter that is built around circular, adaptive gameplay that emphasizes replay value by challenging the player with procedural content tuned to their skill level. In Koya Rift, the player must enter a hostile planet and destroy an alien race so the planet can be colonized. Each game, the player is dropped off at the surface and must venture into procedurally generated caves, earning upgrades and buying units as he goes along. This second Data Hacker title allows those who have completed the prequel 'Initiation' to import their completed save files with ease; keeping decision data, team members and inventory intact! Or, start a new game and make your choices on the fly! Data Hacker: Corruption is a retro-inspired JPRG set within a virtual realm and a simulated Online Game. Battlegrounds of Eldhelm is an indie, online, free-to-play CCG  / RPG . It is heavily influenced by RPGs and borrows some mechanics and ideas. Immerse yourself in a fantastic adventure in the lands of Pohe Fakesys and investigate the cause of the returning chaos and darkness. Take control of one of five playable characters in the Special Edition of Devil May Cry 4, the ultimate version of the smash-hit stylish action game! Devil May Cry 4 immerses gamers in a gothic supernatural world, where a new protagonist clashes with a familiar hero. As the new leading man, Nero, players will unleash incredible attacks and non-stop combos using a unique new gameplay mechanic, his powerful  Devil Bringer  arm. Welcome to Gems of Wars, the newest Puzzle-RPG hybrid from the creators of Puzzle Quest, the original Match 3 RPG! Think strategically, upgrading your units and utilizing their unique abilities to defeat powerful bosses. And through the Kickstarter gauntlet we have arrived. Yes, we have a procedurally-generated universe to explore. Yes, we have eye-gogglingly gorgeous vector-based gameplay coupled with particle effects so effortlessly effervescent that you won't have time to wonder if  effortlessly effervescent  means anything coherent. Take to the skies and fly past mountains in a wingsuit. Try to hug the cliffs at over 250 km/h or cruise at high altitudes and admire the scenery. Your body and gear are fully physically simulated. Astray is a first-person horror/puzzle game set in an abandoned museum based on unusual cultures, legends, and supernatural themes; but something more sinister lurks beneath the surface.. Playing as the nephew of the museums missing curator, you must survive as you make your way through the abandoned building, interacting with objects, and completing puzzles along your way to unravelling the mystery of what lies beneath the museum. Or so thought world-famous demon hunter Doug McGrave, until he met the witch from Hellside. Now, cursed to do whats right for free, his powers constantly draining away, Doug will have to win his power back. Tile Miner is a top down sandbox adventure game. Explore an infinite, randomly generated world and then mold it to your liking. Survive    Find food and shelter before nightfall in order to stay alive. Colorful musical experience designed for both casual and hardcore players. In  Stealth Inc 2, you play the role of a clone escaping a sinister and high-tech testing facility. Stealth Inc 2 tests both your brain and your reflexes over 60 varied levels linked together in a sprawling overworld. Death is never more than a few moments away, but one of the few advantages of being a clone is that death isnt all that permanent. State of Decay, along with major Add-Ons  Breakdown  and  Lifeline, is now fully remastered in stunning 1080p. New missions, weapons, and extra content, along with improved lighting, textures, animations and combat mechanics, will pull you even deeper into the post-outbreak world. How will you survive the zombie apocalypse? In his latest plot to defeat Sonic and rule the world, Dr. Eggman has harnessed the power of menacing creatures known as the Deadly Six. However, when the Deadly Six rise up against their new master, Sonic must unite with his arch nemesis Eggman and explore the mystical Lost Hex in order to take them on head-to-head. Use Sonics amazing new moves   incredible Colour Powers to speed across a variety of unique terrains, racing inside, outside   upside down in every level. Snow Light is a Visual Novel. Basically, it's a digital graphic novel where you can read while listening to BGM's and sound effects. In a Visual Novel you won't shoot or kill your enemies. Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds is a 2D beat 'em up from Mages/5pb, the makers of Steins;Gate, Bullet Soul, and other great games. Choose a fighter and battle against the bizarre minions of the evil wizard Phantom. Enjoy classic beat 'em up gameplay with a fighting game twist. The legendary Major League Baseball franchise returns with fresh game modes, authentic ballparks, improved animations and deep stat tracking. Armoured combat from D-day to the end of the war in Europe. The M4 Sherman, the M18 Hellcat, the Tiger - these are the tanks that rocked Europe from the June 6th Invasion to the fall of Berlin. 1944 Across The Rhine lets you experience a tank commander's view of this period of gut-wrenching armoured combat battle action. The initial release of Command H.Q. was met with great enthusiasm from strategy game fans. In fact, it was voted 1991's Wargame of the Year by Computer Gaming World. Disable an automated fortress that has been mysteriously reactivated. It's up to you to eradicate the hordes of destructive, cunning enemies. You are Alan 'The Bear' Westmoreland, Marine Corps sergeant. The trouble starts on a deadly Viet Cong raid. Here the jungle is your battleground. The all-new Silent Service II A State Of The Art Simulation Of Submarines In World War II. The original Silent Service was released in 1985. It won   Simulation of the Year  honours in six nations and was voted  Best Adventure Game for the Home Computer  by the Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts and Design in 1986. Surface Naval action in the south pacific. Huge columns of water from enemy gunfire surround your battleships. BasketBelle is an experimental 2D basketball-based platformer. Each Chapter of the game uses the mechanics and idea of basketball in a different way. At one point you might be dribbling inside the intestines of a purple blob creature. Sneak   battle your way through a procedurally generated mothership in this stealth action RPG! Supports user content   the Oculus Rift! Please follow Phr00t's Software for giveaways, updates   more! Take on the biggest bosses in the Krosmoz in an adventure mode filled with unique challenges, battle players from all over the world in the PvP Arenas in this tactical board game, a mixture of strategy and epic battle with eye-popping animation and black humor. It features a unique narrative mechanic that blurs the line between story and exploration, where interacting with objects and even simply moving around will reveal fragments of narration. As you piece these fragments together, a story of guilt, loneliness, and faith begins to take shape. Catlateral Damage is a first-person destructive cat simulator where you play as a cat on a rampage, knocking as much stuff onto the ground as possible. See the world through the eyes of a cat! Like other first-person games, you can walk and look around, jump, and crouch. MyRPG Master is still in alpha stage. You will be disappointed if you expect a full software, right now the World Editor is almost fully functional, plus a few other editors are available, and we are hunting bugs impacting them. Zombie hordes plague the scenarios and random events are happening all the time. These random events include airplane cargo drops, frenzy zombie phases, boss spawns and more! KeeperRL is an ambitious dungeon simulator with roguelike and RPG elements. Take the role of an evil wizard and study the methods of black magic. Equip your minions and explore the world, murder innocent villagers and burn their homes. Choose your Kingdom, collect your spells, herald your forces and prepare your weapons. Kingdoms CCG is a unique digital trading card game where you take the role of a hero for one of the six great kingdoms of Euna. The Bergson family has watched over Mount Morta for generations as the guardians of the mystical mountain. They now face their most dangerous trial as a family. Corruption has spread, morphing the once peaceful mountain into a violent and monster infested nightmare. Suite Edition  Everything you need in one suite. Make movies, make music, author DVDs or Blu-ray Discs. Movie Studio 13 Platinum Suite - Steam Powered gives you all the tools you need to make pro-level multimedia productions. Just Updated  Share your ships with other players via Steam Workshop. Assemble your own ships from a number of components and explore procedurally generated galaxies! Let Fastcut generate a creative trailer or montage for you, or you can manually edit your Let's Plays yourself, even if you're a complete beginner. Fastcut is the first automatic video editing software developed for fans of action. Feature List    Substance Designer 5 is powered by Substance Engine 2, the new iteration of the renown procedural technology developed by Allegorithmic. It unleashes an incredible power of expression and fosters a new form of digital creativity. Real-time 3D Preview, with physically based shader. Developer's Twitch Session     In Pix the Cat, you are Pix, the first cat in the world to play his own game! Progress in the Grid of Infinity, deeper and deeper through its nested levels. Hatch the eggs to stack up ducklings behind you. Welcome To the New Gold Rush! Asteroids: Outpost  is an open world, sandbox survival game out now for EARLY ACCESS on Steam. We are very excited to officially invite the Early Access community into the game. Warlocks vs Shadows is an action RPG/brawler game set in a fantasy world invaded by shadow monsters. Playing as an incredibly powerful Warlock and, by using magic skills and weapons, you fight through hordes of enemies. The game places great focus on co-op and versus play between players, where you can fight in 1-4 player DeathMatch or in teams of 1v1 or 2v2. Humanity must seek a new home but the only planet found is very hostile. You were sent on a expedition to slay the monsters inhabiting the surface of this planet. Reload is a realistic weapons and tactics trainer for one to four players that also happens to be a super fun, super fast playing game. Reload is one of the most accurate shooting training simulators ever created and is all about recreating professional shooter training. Watch your marksmanship improve as you learn to shoot the way the pros do. Developed by award-winning studio OKAM Studios,  The Interactive Adventures of Dog Mendona   Pizzaboy  transforms the world of the critically acclaimed graphic novel,  The Incredible Adventures of Dog Mendona   Pizzaboy, into an all new point-and click adventure! Put yourself in the shoes of Eurico, an ex-pizza delivery guy and unpaid apprentice of legendary occult detective Dog Mendona, as you uncover the mysteries of the supernatural underworld. Together with your team of paranormal detectives youll delve into the bizarre, wacky, and humorous world of Dog Mendona   Pizzaboy! In Runes of Brennos, you take control of a mighty druid seeking to seize power. Draw magical runes on the screen and see their power vanquish your opponents. Memorize and harness combos as you develop your skills. Celestial Command is a realistic sandbox space game which unites real space flight, real orbital mechanics, and all the fun of classic space action games. We want to show how games about space actually should look, without silly vacuum friction and the maximum speed limit. As in the real world, everything in this game is in continuous motion in orbit. Made with love,  Over The Void  is an experience, an exploration of a strange, beautiful and sometimes psychedelic universe. To get through each of them, you will have to find a way to open the doors which are over the void! Planktos is a beautiful underwater exploration experience. Possess and cleanse a variety of fish that have become corrupted by an unknown evil. Solve challenging puzzles and discover the unique abilities of the marine life. Tail Drift is a fast action racing game where you zoom through fantastic environments. Compete while flying around floating islands, ancient temples and desert canyons, with a fleet of unique planes to take through a variety of game modes. Purchase and upgrade your fleet of planes to gain the edge as you play through 18 unique events. Once our home and record of modern civilization, the Earth is a ruined wasteland engulfed in perpetual darkness. Older than any recorded texts, an ancient evil descended upon our world without warning, consuming the population and leaving only despair behind in its wake. The unfortunate survivors of this purge now struggle to overcome the horrific terrors of the  Nocturnal. Shark Attack Deathmatch 2 captures the thrill of underwater multi-player mayhem like no other game. The combat is savage, gritty and brutal. Players hunt each other down in various game modes with the constant threat of terrifying sharks joining in on the bloodshed.Tear divers apart as you take on the the role as the ocean's top apex predator, The Great White. you assume the role of a guild leader within a fantasy game world. Take control of the powers of the cosmos. Luna's Wandering Stars is a planetary physics puzzler with a full Level Creator/Editor and online level sharing. Fast-paced and furious, DiscStorm is an arena combat game where split-second reactions are essential to dodge flying discs as they ricochet around at breakneck speed. Meet up with your friends at home and challenge them to intense multiplayer deathmatches. If you want to really test your skills, then the single player adventure boasts diverse settings such as haunted mansions and pirate ships - all of which come with their own formidable enemies and epic boss fights. Solar Struggle is an arcade action spaceshooter where the player takes control of one of the nine space ships and experiences a thrilling story of a young pilot in 11 missions or asserts herself/himself against tons of enemies in the skirmish mode. The whole game world is in 3D, but the action takes place on a 2D plane which makes the action and controls really easy. Included are  17 scenarios with 43 variations  along with the original four maps completely redone to new graphical standards. About the Game You are the commander of either NATO or Soviet forces locked in battle on the ground in 1980s Central Europe. Running Shadow is a unique mix of a runner and fantasy RPG. Along with the simple game mechanics typical of this game type, it has a mythical plot full of secrets and intrigue. You will try on the role of a fortunate thief and assassin in possession of a unique artifact: the Gauntlet of the Celestial Guardian stolen from the adepts of a dark and ancient cult. Intense futuristic arcade racer for the new generation! Climb into the cockpit of a futuristic race craft and tear up the anti-gravity track as battle commences with over 30 real and AI opponents. Offering single and multiplayer action, Radial-G delivers full immersion racing on tubular tracks featuring gut-wrenching twists, jumps, splits and unique inverted racing. Your life as a struggling journalist is interrupted by the world's first sapient machine, a ROM  named Turing. Together, you and the quirky robot will encounter a colorful cast of locals and overcome challenges as you uncover the citys secrets behind the overlapping futures of technology and humanity. Tales from the Borderlands is a five part episodic game series from the creators of The Wolf Among Us and The Walking Dead: A Telltale Games Series. Set on the unforgiving world of Pandora after the events seen in Borderlands 2, this is a story full of Borderlands trademark humor, following two adventurers on their quest for greatness. Youll play as Rhys, a Hyperion suit with dreams of being the next Handsome Jack, and Fiona, a Pandoran con artist looking to score her biggest ever swindle. Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series is a six part episodic game series set in the world of HBO's groundbreaking TV show. This new story tells of House Forrester, a noble family from the north of Westeros, loyal to the Starks of Winterfell. Caught up in the events surrounding the War of the Five Kings, they are thrown into a maelstrom of bloody warfare, revenge, intrigue, and horror as they fight to survive while the seven kingdoms tear themselves apart. Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyond is a thrilling tale set in 1930s America. The game tells the story of Dawn Harlock, an unusual red-eyed woman, who must return to her family estate on Iowa Island to investigate the mysterious death of her mentor, Professor Ashmore. Its not long before Dawn discovers traces of horrifying experiments and has to come face to face with an ancient evil from another world. Basement is a drug-dealing strategy game where you play a scientist who is forced to do illegal stuff in your basement. You build your own enterprise producing several types of drugs, find the right place to sell them, invite scientists and security, avoid federal agents and build the most effective company. Step into the fray as Class Zero, a group of students from an elite military academy whose country is attacked by an aggressive neighbouring Empire. In the brutal and harrowing struggle that follows, defeat the Empire and uncover the secrets behind the war using a range of powerful magical and combat abilities and an exciting new battle system. Liquid chemistry has never been so much fun! Ignite your imagination with a whimsical 2D liquid physics-based puzzle game by Studio 2SD. Experiment with valves of colorful liquid, create and move objects to transfer the substances to their designated beakers. Predestination is a  turn-based sci-fi 4X game  set in the distant past of our own galaxy. Ships from countless races are sent back in time by an enemy known as the Revenants, and must now work to rebuild their empires. Explore the galaxy, colonise habitable worlds, meet alien races, and wage war. Multiple Modes: Conquest, Rush, Classic Skirmish. 20 different unit types including: Dropship, MBTs, Helicopters. Crystal Towers 2 XL is an adventure platform game inspired by the shareware of the 90s. Join Bernard the monk as he makes his way through the hostile reaches of the kingdom on a quest to recover the sacred instruments that hold the world's music together. This XL edition is a partially remade version of the original game from 2011, adapting the game for widescreen as well as improving a host of things that were missing the first time around. Sometimes 10 seconds can feel like an eternity... In TIMEframe you will discover a world in slow motion. At first sight, Cubot is a puzzle-game with a  minimalist gameplay, just move color cubes towards tiles of the same color. It's really easy, but it will be  a torture for your mind  to complete all levels of the game because the apparent simplicity of the game is in contradiction with the complexity of the level-design. Moreover, an important point in the gameplay is if you have multiple cubes, they move  simultaneously! Dr.Green is a 2D retro, arcade, action platformer, inspired by games like Megaman and Ninja Senki. Take control of the orphan Dr.Green, on his mission to save the forest and take revenge on the evil forces trying to destroy it. Dr.Green is the debut game of Indie developer   Pixel artist Johan Aronsson and is both an evironmental statement and a captivating story of a young child uncovering his past. Send your kid onto an unforgettable journey with the worlds most charming bear! Based on a famous Polish cartoon, Teddy Floppy Ear stands out as a great entertainment for our younglings. Prepared by an experienced team, Teddy Floppy Ear  Mountain Adventure mixes entertaining adventure game with a healthy dose of learning. Send your kid onto an unforgettable journey with the worlds most charming bear. Based on a famous Polish cartoon, Teddy Floppy Ear stands out as a great entertainment for children. Prepared by an experienced team, Teddy Floppy Ear  Kayaking mixes fun adventure game with a healthy dose of learning, perfect for young minds. Buy Sinless on Steam and get the fantastic Soundtrack from the game for free. About the Game Sinless is a unique combination of a classic point n' click and visual novel with many references and inspirations from classics of the genre, such as Snatcher, or Rise of the Dragon. Deity Quest is a light-hearted, pokemon-inspired RPG where you play as an ambitious young god, recently assigned to a world - Aberos - to convert followers and gain power. Your goal is to become the Overgod, the highest position among the many gods of Aberos. Develop your divine magic, support your followers in fast-paced 6 vs. 6 battles, adventure through locations, and compete with other deities in your quest to reach the top! Become a randomized dog in a randomized house and survive the harsh domestic life! Explore the city and interact with the world for discover items and secrets. Play, eat, drink, and sleep, remember to take care of yourself or else you will die. You've always wanted to sit in a big captain's chair and shout,  More power to the shields! In an unorthodox blend of  Tetris  and  Dungeon Keeper, clearing tiles rewards you with resources and space for vertical expansion, putting distance and dangers between invading hero-types and your squishy Tyrant. Carol has written a book about one of her previous adventures. She has put a lot of work into it, but after receiving rejections from several publishers, her enthusiasm for the project is beginning to wane. Her hope is somewhat rekindled when a publisher who recently rejected her book sends her an SMS, telling Carol that he wants to meet her. Your mission is to be the coolest pizza delivery business in the Jovian system. Cut your way through traffic, avoid the police, and deliver pizzas to the moons of Jupiter! You play as Headless, the rejected creation of a mad scientist. Headless is trapped in the tower with other dangerous abominations. You must journey up the tower to escape! Click here for a free demo! The universe and all its inhabitants have been reincarnated, but the worlds structure isnt how it should be. SuperBike TT is a single-player, physics-based racing game within a multi-team and multi-bike livery for built-in replayability. SuperBike TT is inspired by classic console   racing games as well as the popular Isle of Man TT, considered the most challenging motorcycle race in the world. With these influences in mind, were creating an epic, replayable VR SuperBike Time Trial racing game for you to race for the best times on the worlds most difficult tracks. Grand Class Melee 2  is an RPG job system arena fighter featuring a huge roster of over 60 character classes to battle with. Drawing inspiration from JRPG favorites and the competitive classics of console multiplayer, players progress through 8 intensifying rounds of fierce combat, gain new abilities each round and build up their arsenals to the top of the class tree. To bolster the slash/thrust/parry weapons-based melee, every player pairs the new ability of their chosen job with one earned from an earlier job for an ever-evolving, two-fisted loadout. Outwit gravity, race the clock, explore new worlds. Crashed lander is a gravity-based arcade game inspired by classics like Lunar Lander and Space Taxi. You've built a janky craft out of propane tanks and spare parts. In this tug-of-war, casual defense game you play Leonidas who is the hero-king of Sparta,  against hordes of attacking zombies in Thermopylae. Recruit allies and build defenses to stop them! Leonidas actually learned magic, very useful, very powerful, very funny. You Are Not A Banana is set in everyday life and has a sprinkle of imagination and humor. The audiovisuals seek to evoke nostalgia for the 80s and 90s. This short form experimental game unfolds as a sequence of thought provoking events and surprises. Project Green Beat is a truly unique music-based rail shooter. The core of the game is the music, which is the inspiration for the visuals and the entire flow of each custom crafted level. This is really what makes this game different. Localization mod support  Please note that the localization is done by our passionate community. So some language translation can lag behind the English version as we develop the game. Join our community and help us to localize the game to your language! Indulge Lady Tallowmere and see how far through her lovingly violent dungeons you can delve in this 2D indie action roguelike-inspired platformer. New rooms are procedurally generated every time you play, meaning you'll have to be on your guard for every randomly-placed enemy, elite, boss, and treasure chest you'll come across. Each room gets progressively bigger, harder, and more rewarding the further you go. Soccer Legends brings the excitement of Tactical-RPG's to the world of football. Managing a team, controlling it in the spectacular turn-based matches where taking the initiative and selecting the best strategy is the only way to glory. Soccer Legends takes the best facets of board games and blends with gorgeous animation sequences with the soul of 90s anime series, offering something truly new. is a card game with a touch of  humour, based on  videogame development, in which you'll have to manage your own company, and complete the best and biggest projects before your opponent. Cards will help you on your way:  developers  of all departments,  positive cards  to help you work faster; errors and problems to slow your opponent down; and  much more  which you'll discover as you play. WolfWars is a fantasy tactical strategy card game. It may sound a bit weird, but we took   simplified rules from many other card games and created a new concept so anyone on the planet can enjoy it. WolfWars is not a game about trading or collecting cards, but you will be able to build or edit your decks with available cards and heroes. Darkness continues to plague the world of Black Mist. The Rebel Army is crushed, the war for freedom is lost and the Tyrant King Vandheer continues to rule with his cold, iron fist. However, the cries of the perished have not been ignored by the divine ones who seek to save the world from darkness. The Depths of Tolagal  is an addictive roguelike dungeon crawler with an emphasis on tactical combat. You are searching for your missing apprentice within the deep, dark dungeons of Tolagal. Did he go there willingly, or was he kidnapped? Ninja Guy, the humorous and quirky ninja action game has now come to Steam! This version includes all new exclusive improvements such as refined gameplay, graphical post effects and Steam Achievements! Ninja Guy has generated somewhat of a cult following on mobile and has amassed over 70,000 Ninja Guy fans on Facebook! The light of the world fades. Evil hearts seek the Power of the Elements - the forces which bind the universe together - thus threatening all of existence. Join an eclectic cast of characters and embark on a fantastic journey in the vast archipelago of Adamaria, evoking the gods of the land, sea, and sky in your quest to rekindle the fire of hope! Meat grind your way through an online multi-player death match...with bunnies. Pick your bunny and enter levels of bunny blitzing mayhem. Take on your friends or meet new people while you smash and stomp them into bloody bunny goo; bouncing your way to bunny bashing victory. is a puzzle game that'll put your brain to the test over more than 60 levels! Make the best use of the interactive environment, avoiding obstacles and predators to lead the fish to freedom! The Elven kingdom is in great danger! Thanks to the greed of Elven Queen Ginevra the Elven life-giving shrine was corrupted by the Evil Necromancer. The Troll and his fellow Gremlins must find the remaining holy shrines scattered around the kingdom to heal the cursed one and banish the Necromancer. You are Kayto Shields, an ordinary man thrown into an extraordinary adventure. It was only his first day as the vice president of the Sunrider Academy student council when the unreasonable class president appointed him to be the school club manager. These clubs cause nothing but trouble, she said. are you ready to join the Gunslugs ? If you like over the top action, chaos, explosions, weirdness and dont take it all too serious, then you know exactly what Gunslugs is all about. Death Goat is a bloody arcade shooter featuring hordes of brutal enemies   eardrum destroying Heavy Metal. Unhack is a visual novel x puzzle game that explores the nature of greed. Destroy the 5K Worm alongside fully voiced AI companions! Features the voices of Xanthe Huynh, Skyler Davenport and Aimee Smith. Deepworld is a massively-multiplayer 2D crafting adventure game. Mine and craft your way through a persistent online universe where there's always something new to discover! Find your way through mountains, caves, and ruins filled with danger and reward, or venture into cities built by fellow players. Many Different Obstacles  Platform your way through spikes, saws, lava, and monsters that roam the world day and night. Razenroth is an action game with a dark atmosphere, enriched with the elements of roguelike and RPG. All the levels, weather conditions, distribution and quantity of key elements are generated randomly. Thanks to this fact, a single game is different each time. In the distant future, humanity has turned Venus into a livable environment. However, not all is well on Venusian soil as political intrigue pushes the way to help a young girl, the ace pilot known as Sonic Venus, to find the whereabouts of her missing father. Take to the skies of the second planet of the sun in this thrilling Ace Combat-like indie game, where you will find much more than just the story of one familys heritage, but also something that will change the planet entirely. Negotiate with the various governments of Earth and secure their support - One way or the other. Establish your bases on other planets to take the fight to the enemy. Siege of Turtle Enclave is a turn based strategy war game with real time battles, it's set in a vibrant and inviting fantasy world where the last remnant of a nation of turtles seeks to reclaim their homeland from a horde of corrupt owls. Over the course of the game you will research technologies, build up your settlement, train armies, and fight your way across the map in an attempt to overthrow the enemy warlord in his keep. Along the way, you will find goodie huts, collect resources from the map, and discover and recruit powerful heroes to fight alongside your armies. Pulsen is a music and rhythm game featuring 80 songs. Core gameplay is easy to learn but hard to master, and involves hitting four directional arrows to the beat of the music as they pass by the screen. Every song has five or more difficulties and its own set of challenging arrow patterns and play style. In Disney's Bolt, players take on the heroic personas of the TV star dog, Bolt, and his owner, Penny, from the high-action television series featured within the film. As Bolt, players can use his superpowers, including laser vision and his superbark, which sends out a sonic blast to devastate opponents, and as Penny, players utilize stealth, hacking skills and a wheelbar, inspired by her scooter seen in the movie, to outwit enemies. Develop your own game concepts, create a team and develop megahit video games. Research new technologies, train your staff, upgrade your offices, moving up to bigger and better locations. Pluck is a fast paced twin stick shoot 'em up that supports up to 4 players. Venture through procedurally generated dungeons, vanquishing enemies along the way. Collect various items and abilities to become more powerful on your run. Help Tarant in a quest, in which you will have to fight, use your sense of direction and hearing to accomplish your mission. Colonial Conquest  is a conquest simulation set in the Victorian age of warfare and expansion of the late 1800's and early 1900's. The object of the game is to become the dominant major power throughout the world. Players can be one among six of the great powers of the time: Great Britain, Germany, France, USA, Japan or Russia. And it will work also on non-historical, alternate history, fantastic or SF titles. The key is the use of a single system of rules and situations which works in all cases. The Lady is an emotional 2D Surreal Puzzle Horror adventure. The Lady is a surrealist emotional journey that takes The Lady through a series of fever dream hallucinations, while being at odds with inner struggles of anxiety and depression. She encounters multiple versions of herself throughout the game, unsure of which versions to trust. At its core,  Stay Dead Evolution  is a 'round beat'em up' like Street Fighter with elements taken from rhythm games. The brand new idea behind Stay Dead Evolution is to have a real time interaction inside a cinematographic scene, using the main character as if he would be a video-game character. Stay Dead is the union of movies and video-games. NeXus: One Core  is fast. It will test your skills like only a few games did before. Be prepared to take on spikes, mines, dynamite, conveyor belts, springs, switches, doors, bumpers, lasers, saws, fire, ice, water, electricity, trapdoors and much much more. Experience a deep and touching story in  show, don't tell -style  that will tug at your heartstrings as you learn of a little girl's melancholic past and her hopes for a better future. Immerse yourself in a moving musical score  hand-crafted by Japanese RPG veteran composers  Hiroki Kikuta  and  Dale North. Adventure through a wondrous, intricately detailed world  that is filled with beautiful imaginary, dastardly platforming and enchanting events. Age of Fear 2: The Chaos Lord is an indie turn-based strategy with strong fantasy RPG elements. The game features a huge variety of units, a novel hex-free battle system, morale, and flexible multiplayer. Play as a manipulative succubuss or a brutal orc warchief in two story driven campaigns! Help three brave adventurers on their quest to stop the diabolical Baron Von Smogs plot to conquer Steam Land. However, there is an army of evil minions that stand in your way. Challenge yourself in this new puzzle strategy game; includes 12 action-packed stages, a full soundtrack, competitive online play, all in stunning 720p HD Graphics. Download the Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number digital comic series by Dayjob Studio and dive into the backstory of several factions on a path to confrontation. The entire five-part series is free to download and comes in a single app that launches from your Steam library. Isaac the Adventurer is an action filled plat-former that is packed with traps, puzzles and deadly enemies. Explore the dangerous world and get rewarded with ancient treasures. If you go on this adventure we can not promise you that you will come back alive, and if you will, you wont be a small boy anymore. Samphi is a fresh randomly-generated survival-RPG, with a shifted focus to skills, world management, and a story mode*. Travel through broken memories of a failing relationship to try and salvage whats left. How you play is up to you. As a new resident of a mysterious town, you stumble upon an old woman with magical powers. Suddenly you find yourself inhabiting the bodies of other townspeople at crucial moments in their lives. Make life and death decisions as you slowly uncover the truth about the place youve decided to call home in this engrossing RPG. Paparazzi is a  local multiplayer  game of cat-and-mouse. You open your eyes, slowly and painfully, as a dull throb pounds inside your skull. All around you is darkness accompanied by an overwhelming silence. There is a weight in your lap as you squint into the darkness revealing nothing but what seems to be the hospital bed you are lying in and the cold, metallic glint of a flashlight's metal casing. Other Platforms   Mac  coming soon! In the not-so-far year of 20XX, demonic revolution has begun. When her boyfriend gets kidnapped by the queen of a succubus force, Pecans adventure for love, justice and divine punishment begins! She transforms into the Buxom and Brave Banzai Pecan, with the strength of ten-thousand men and the power of a Goddess hell-bent on Justice! Fallen Temple is a 2-D action RPG inspired by the Zelda series and Diablo 1. Enjoy your journey from poor sailor to the richest and the most honoured adventurer! Explore every corner of the dangerous seas with your ships fully loaded with canons. You can choose the way of an honest merchant and trade with farms, towns or forts. Inspired by games like Fez, Braid, and Ghosts and Goblins, Camera Obscura takes you on a quest to the top of an ancient tower in a forgotten land. You are a lone photographer on a desperate search. Youll attempt to summit a ruined tower  a relic of a fanatical sect trying to reach the sun. Crayon Chronicles offers a relatively short  but action-packed RPG experience that randomly generates the level layouts each time you play. You are encouraged to play through the game more than once thanks to the random nature of the environment layouts, but also because we keep track of the interesting facts about each play-through  so you can compare your adventures to each other as well as to the adventures of your friends. As the story goes, your friends have been kidnapped, but as it so happens, you are brave enough to attempt their rescue. Get your friends and bust out the controllers, STARDUST VANGUARDS is a local four-player dueling game inspired by old-school anime space operas, combining arcade-style battling with the ability to summon your own NPC army as support! Each battle is unique with the game's random event system, forcing players to respond to dozens of potential surprise attacks by computer-controlled space pirates. The pirates can even win the whole battle themselves so perhaps a temporary truce is in order? Steam Exclusive Pre-Purchase Offer  Purchase the Early Access version of TRIP at a reduced price from the full retail release price. Super Cyborg is an old school non-stop hardcore run'n'gun action game! You are an elite battle cyborg who is sent in to investigate a series of anomalies on a mysterious island. The merciless and powerful alien known only as the 'Xirxul life form' has been awakened by unwitting scientists and now: all humanity is in danger! You have to survive wave after wave of fiendish enemies in a struggle for nothing less than your whole planet. Relativity Wars is a god-type strategy/action game, set in a universe which obeys Einsteins theories of relativity! Hopefully some physics will rub off as you are playing the game and you will suddenly start impressing your friends in the pub with phrases like  space/time continuum  and  time dilation. Five platforms: iOS, Android, Mac, PC, and Linux. Nuclear weapons have the left the world barren and scorched the earth. Glide, swoop, tuck, dive, magnetize, grind, walldrive, and burn your way through rings to advance the difficulty of the vast, procedurally-generated environment while avoiding the fog and getting stranded! stratO is a demanding game that requires a lot of dedication and determination but rewards you with the ability to make a friction-fueled rocket-glider pull off stunts that surpass anything you've seen in a movie. But forget everything you know about other flight sims and flying games. The Great Fusion is graphic adventure set in the year 2022. Society has truly changed during the last decade, the good old times have vanished. Discover this unusual and hilarious graphic adventure inspired by our childhoods point-and-click classic adventure games. Cahors has always been your life; you never had any interest in leaving. The small French town is the landscape of all your memories: the sweet and the bitter. Cahors Sunset is a light-RPG in which you control the decisions of an old French man. Your only way of communication with your subjects is commandments you write for them. How these commandments are interpreted and remembered are not set in stone. In Among Ripples you are presented to a soothing and meditative experience where you can experiment at your leisure. As the caretaker of a small pond you decide which creatures should be introduced into the ecosystem, and what species will thrive. Study the creatures you introduce and learn more about them in order to shape a pond that you find sustainable. became an all-too-familiar call on the airwaves of jungle wars. Now take off with your rescue helicopter and search and save the life of the wounded soldiers in the field, often under fire. follows the adventure of a sentient music program living in a computer system  a program seeking to learn more about itself and its world. But since our hero was only programmed to understand sound, thats the only way he can interact with his environment. In this unforgiving retro-platformer, you play as the bouncing booger ball Flem, stranded in a strange new world after the calamity of the Great Sneeze. Make your way through four colorful Seasons, avoid the oddly hostile environment and discover Flems hidden snot powers. Put your speedrunning skills to the test to earn medals and see how you measure up against other players through leaderboards. Downloaded over 20 million times, the #1 ranked classic mobile puzzle game has finally arrived on Steam. This version of Geared has been rebuilt from the ground up. The forces of The Abyss are relentless in their campaign to annihilate the world of Cora. Magus Lee must unite with allies both old and new to prevent the coming apocalypse...but what will be the cost? In Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes, one player is trapped in a virtual room with a ticking time bomb they must defuse. The other players are the Experts who must give the instructions to defuse the bomb by deciphering the information found in the bomb defusal manual. But theres a catch: the experts cant see the bomb, so everyone will need to talk it out  fast! Plush combines stuffed animal simulation with the imagination of a little girl to provide a unique puzzle experience. To successfully complete each level, the player must arrange the stuffed animals in such a way as to make them all  happy  before bedtime. Each stuffed animal has it's own preferences, so this is easier said than done. SickBrick is an action-packed Sci-Fi FPS with vivid graphics and fast, frantic gameplay. The game consists of 15 levels mixing indoor and outdoor areas. Youre forced to do tests for an unknown robotic mastermind. Shell City is plunged into a state of emergency after coming under attack from the devastating forces of PHANTOM. Terrifying war machines, emblazoned with skulls, tear through the city leaving a trail of destruction in their wake! As the National Army struggle to contain PHANTOM, General Krenman sees the mammoth task at hand and calls upon the only thing that stands between Shell Citys obliteration and its salvation; the peanut chompin, villain stompin, PHANTOM romping BADASS ElephantidaeTEMBO THE BADASS ELEPHANT! Final Release version 1.0  USC has gone a long way from its first Public Alpha appearance on Greenlight through the release as Beta on GamersGate, Desura and IndieGameStand to finally being here on Steam, today. We sincerely wish to thank all your support once again. The game is now complete with the Campaign mode and with a ton of gameplay enhancements   fixes, many of the latter based on your valuable feedback! Space Station Alpha is a game where you build and manage a space station in the outer reaches of the Milky Way. You have been given a small bit of space of your own, a handful of credits and a beat up old WorkerBot. Your task is to take this undeveloped piece of vacuum and turn it into a tourist center/economic hub/mega-prison/diplomatic epicenter or any combination you can manage. Youre sick and tired of humanitys worthless existence. The only thing that matters is your gun and the pure Armageddon that you want to unleash. Lux Delux is a fast-paced turn-based-strategy game inspired by classic board games of risk and world domination, with so much more! Take over the world in 10 minutes! Cross-platform online multi-player with  rankings league! It is allows you to paint over a still image turning a picture of water, fire, or light into real-time animation. Humanity found a way into the depths of the space. First brave hearts set off to grasp the unknown. BiT Evolution is a journey into the past that draws inspiration from all of your favorite titles from the 70s, 80s, and 90s. Travel through video game history with BiT, as he transforms from a simple 8 bit hockey puck, into a mob boppin, platform jumpin, pixel collectin, pixel LEGEND! Along the way BiT discovers how to travel back and forth between the real world and the realm of Code, a dark foreboding dimension lurking between game levels. Deluxe Edition    Original soundtrack of the game in FLAC format. 11 wallpapers, the biggest one is 5600 x 4368 pixels. Three manga sagas based on the universe of The Clans. Sym is a puzzle-platformer that explores social anxiety disorder. Play as Josh, a teenage boy trying to reconcile a maze of two contrasting worlds that coexist within the blank spaces of each other - his perception of reality, and the world he created to avoid his fears. Josh exists in these worlds as alter egos, Caleb and Ammiel. Something evil is stirring in the depths of the world. The great sigils that once protected this land are failing, and the legendary Hashtag Dungeons are reopening. Will you be brave enough to enter the dungeons and face the horrors that lie within? We noticed that the tutorial we had put in place was not helpful enough for new players so we have tried to make a quick update to improve the explanations and make it more understandable. About the Game Immerse yourself in the atmosphere of a true sports arena! The  Games of Glory, gladiator games put in place by the Synarch to insidiously entertain the inhabitants of the intergalactic universe, are THE sport of the future! When you hear a flash of a human voice on the radio, your hopes and beliefs are confirmed - there are still survivors out in the blistering heat of the post apocalyptic Grand Canyon state! Arizona Sunshine poses a two-fold battle for survival in a VR zombie apocalypse in which players need to navigate both the hordes of zombies coming for their brains and the scorching heat in their desperate search for human contact. Arizona Sunshine is a VR shooter built and optimized for room-scale VR from the ground up. As the sole heir to the throne, you alone can restore your fathers dragon empire to its former glory. Armed with the kings scepter, powered by the most powerful magic in the world, and with the knowledge of the magic book of spells at your fingertips, it is up to you to recapture and reunite the Skyworlds; shards of the world broken off by a coven of evil witches. The quest to redeem your fathers legacy begins  Can you tame dragons? The battlefields of the 31st century are dominated by immense and powerful mechanized units known as BattleMechs. Piloting these war machines are the most elite soldiers that the galaxy has ever known. Air Guardians is a flight combat game set in the distant future. Fight through grand spaceship battles, night time base raids, orbital shipyard assaults, and more! Striking sci-fi visuals and dynamic music combine with disparate missions for hours of intriguing gameplay and overall replay value. The game features a unique mechanic called the salvage system which governs your objectives in the levels, your upgrades between levels, and provides a scoring mechanic. The Destroyers of the Art come out of paintings and materialize from statues, they come to infect the Art and wreck the city. To trap them, help Mr. Bruesen create the Aspectus, the Perfect Painting, before the time runs out. With or without a heart rate sensor,  emotion-based biofeedback will be available via almost  any standard webcam  on a min-spec  Windows or Mac machine. Without a webcam or heart rate sensor, the biofeedback-specific features will be unavailable, but the core game itself will be fully playable and enjoyable as an atmospheric mystery-adventure game. Welcome to Manyland, an open universe we invent and live together! In an infinite world of abundance, we create new things by drawing them, build new places, hang out and chat, collect, make music, party, script objects, go on adventures... and have fun together in ways none of us can predict. Zombie Kill of the Week - Reborn  is a challenging, fast paced, 2D survival shooter! And when we say fast, we mean breakneck, flat-out, adrenaline fuelled fast! Whats different from the other shooters is your goal isnt to run through levels and finish the game, but to survive for as long as possible under increasingly frantic conditions . As the worlds economical crisis deepens and inequality tears the very fabric of society the discontentment of the masses manifests itself in violent public disturbances and civil disorder. Already heavily backed on Steam Greenlight, RIOT  Civil Unrest is coming to Steam this summer. Into The Gloom is a first person puzzle solving horror game based on retro style graphics. It features only the black, white and red colors. Explore 18 suspenseful levels to find the items and solve the puzzles. You are riding on a train without a name, memory, or your own body. Along with you are five other passengers who will share their thoughts and various tales of their past life before reaching their destination. One of them is clearly different from the rest, as he or she is closely tied to your past - a past that will greatly change your destination. From the creators of Sakura Spirit... comes a brand-new angelic love comedy! Two girls, blessed with magical powers, are faced with the task of saving the lonely protagonist from the clutches of a mysterious witch and ancient evil, sealed away long ago by his ancestors. What does this sorceress want from our protagonist? Player choices lead to 22 different endings! All your life, you dream of adventure: knights, dragons, magic rings, chests of gold, and all the danger and glory that awaits a professional swordswoman. Inspired by the first-person shooters of the past that we loved, we're taking all the most memorable elements and putting them in a toolkit to be used and combined however you want. At its heart, Gunscape is an FPS construction kit. It's a game that lets you go wild with your creativity in a pumping action sandbox! Shipwreck is a top down adventure game in which you must travel the land, explore dungeons, and defeat monsters to earn safe passage off the island on which you are stranded. Shipwreck is the first game from Brushfire Games, a small game studio in Redmond, WA, run by brothers Nick and Joe Gravelyn. For 5 years we have been observing this warlike race while maintaining a wary diplomatic relationship. Growing tensions over ownership of the minerals of the Deltria system lead to the formation of the Unified Earth Defense Forces. Bret Airborne shakes up the standard match-3 formula with strategic gameplay and original game mechanics. Play as the intrepid Bret Airborne and help Doctor Altus to fight his evil twin brother in the challenging single-player campaign. Customize your balloon by choosing among fourty unique powers. BoxesWithGuns is a 2D neon vertex endless shooter game. Try to survive as long as possible by avoiding collisions with the enemies that spawn. One game equals the length of the background music track playing. Heroes Never Lose: Professor Puzzler's Perplexing Ploy  is a hero themed action-puzzle game with a super-powered twist! Go head to head against one of the super-powered citizens of Megalopolis, lining up blocks into combos and chains to charge up your super attacks and bury your opponent in blocks before they do the same to you! Each character possesses their own unique set of powers and abilities you can use to frustrate your opponent, just be ready when your challenger charges up and unleashes their own unique moves on you! Dan McPenrite's sister Merle has dropped off the grid without notice. Reports indicate that this is a fate she shares with countless others. Set in the near future where virtual reality has become the ultimate escape to the dreariness and suffering of everyday life in a collapsing society you will use your wits, computer skills, and hacking ability to discover the mystery behind the recent disappearances. Experience Terror that is Never the Same Twice  with Phantasmal: City of Darkness, a  procedurally generated survival horror  where every playthrough is completely different. You simply cannot rely on your previous experience to guarantee safe passage. You will need to face off against lurking, otherworldly horrors in the perilous, run-down    Kowloon Walled City    before its destruction in the early 90s. Design steampunk pixel airships out of functional modules and conquer the skies! In the game, ships are viewed side-on, and their modules are operated by individual crew members. During combat, players give high-level commands to a small fleet, positioning their ships, ramming and boarding others. Cannon fire, machine gun blasts, missiles, and bombs flood the skies as up to 16 players shoot it out for air superiority! Don't miss out our new game! You'll meet heroes from Ancient Greece as you vanquish beasts, repair roads and construct wonders in this stunning Time Management game! You are a lone adventurer in a strange, non-Euclidean world. Gather as much treasure as you can before the nasty monsters get you. Explore several different worlds, each with its own unique treasures, enemies, and terrain obstacles. About 'It came from space, and ate our brains'   In  It came from space, and ate our brains  you play as a dude who survived an alien invasion...  For now ... Nasty pink aliens invaded planet Earth to collect every available human brain. Steam Greenlight  The game was  Greenlit  by Steam Community   Collector's Edition  In this Collector's Edition youll be able to help yet another enchanted prince to reunite with his beloved princess Rapunzel, who was imprisoned in an inaccessible cave among waterfalls and her beautiful long hair was cut by the Witch. This Edition also includes concept arts, play arts, screensavers, game music tracks. About the Game Once there was a wicked witch. Pixel Privateers is a Squad Based Tactical RPG Loot Em Up that will send your team of mercenaries through a mysterious wormhole on a quest to gather technology for your employer. In a twist of fate, your journey becomes a one-way ticket  with an entire galaxy of worlds to explore, factions to encounter, and epic gear to collect. Will you make it back home, make your mark in this new universe, or become another victim of the many dangers of the cosmos? In this action-loaded arcade game you play the role of Fermi, a particle on a terrific trip through subatomic space. Driven by the music you have to avoid obstacles and eliminate incoming particles on ever-accelerating levels to crack the top score! After mastering each level you can play it in infinity mode to compete with your friends and the Steam Community in an open-end highscore. Every day in the world of Refactor thousands of puzzle pieces are created for the explicit purpose of playing The Game. Requiring perfection, only perfect puzzle pieces are selected for use and those who are imperfect are shunned by society and decommissioned. Thrown into this hostile environment, it is up to a couple of misfits to find their place in this unbending society. Each stage has unique mechanics that could change to outcome of battle. Push forward and fight against your friends and the environment itself! An evil sorcerer has appeared in the lands, he has built a dungeon in the nearby village of darkwood, where his minions use it as a base to raid the surrounding villages to bring terror and death to all its citizens. Introducing Corona MotorSport, the newest independently developed and published racing game on the market. Corona MotorSport offers a great combination of beautiful graphics and simulation-grade physics. Don't miss your opportunity to be part of the development process; purchase a copy, support the devs and enjoy the ride! You can customize the controls of each game by clicking on the yellow button on each game in the game selection screen. NekoChan Hero - ninja world 2   Neko Planet is in danger, the king has been kidnapped and only one hero can save them, his name is NekoChan Hero! Synonymy is a non-profit, educational word game narrated by Richard Dawkins where players are challenged to find a path between random words through their network of synonyms. By taking the synonym of a word, and then a synonym of that synonym, and so on, you can ultimately arrive at any other word in a language. The game supports multiplayer, and weekly challenges in which users can compete globally on set start and end words. Pixel Survivors is a real time strategy - management game. Create some land and help your initial villagers to survive during the first period of time. Build houses for hosting your citizens, create chicken pens and farms to feed them. Destination Sol is an open source game, if you would like to contribute to the game go  here    About the Game Destination Sol is an open-source, free-to-play hardcore arcade/RPG. You start as a pilot of a small fighter ship on the edge of a star system, and you're free to explore the game world, land on planets, fight with enemies, upgrade your ship and equipment, hire mercenaries, mine asteroids, and more. In this classic adventure, you will take on the role of young Scotland Yard Detective Brent Halligan, assigned to solve the puzzle surrounding a mysterious order of Druids and a series of gruesome murders. It appears that the neo-Druids are conducting ritual killings in order to conjure up incredibly sinister forces. In the course of their investigations, the engaging anti-hero and his ally, a young scientist, delve into almost forgotten secrets of the past. MagNets: an intense arcade-style robot-recycling collect-em-up! Players must fight to restore order in Polarity City, one arena at a time. Do this by capturing malfunctioning Bloxbots in your Electromagnetic Nets, and recycling them into tools to complete the level and power-ups to survive their attacks! The series  World of Subways  features some of the most interesting Subway Routes of the world for the PC. Once again World of Subways 4 comes back to New York, perhaps the most exciting city in the world. The whole gaming world takes place in the 70ies/80ies and is created in its typical look. You can choose from a variety of rocket engines, fuel tanks, and other gizmos. You can even build rovers with powered wheels. From the creators of the critically acclaimed   SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition! Overture  is an action-adventure roguelike which draws heavy inspiration from hits such as  Diablo,  Realm of The Mad God,  Zelda, and  The Binding of Isaac. Explore vast  randomly generated dungeons  and slay hordes of cunning enemies, find companions to fight with, and upgrade your characters! Motorbike comes with 100 original tracks, thousands of online tracks and a track editor to create your own tracks and share with other players. Additionally, you can play Motorbike online against other players. Adventure through Radiator Springs with Lightning McQueen andsome of  your favorite movie characters. Complete a series of awesome challenges as you gear up for the big race! Cars,  the seventh animated feature film to be created by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures, is directed by Pixar's two-time Academy Award-winner John Lasseter, who directed  Toy Story,   A Bug's Life,  and  Toy Story 2. The Dream King  is  the world's first   4-Player Cooperative  Metroidvania  Video Game, inspired by Nostalgic hits from the early 90's! You and your friends can take your pick from an enormous cast of characters, each with their own unique play styles and abilities. Players must navigate an open world in order to find artifacts, weapons and abilities so that they can advance to other areas. Do you got a soft spot for old school Shoot em ups? Cyberpunk 3776 harkens back to the glory days of arcades. The FIRST EVER and ONLY Top Trumps Turbo PC Game Available to Download NOW. Top Trumps Turbo is a brand new, exclusive fun and exciting Top Trumps card game brought to you by Funbox Media. Use the cards and your skills to beat the computer and become the ultimate Top Trumps Turbo Champion! Gene must collect genetic mutations to help him on his way to finding his ship pieces and stolen gems. Each mutation offers a different skill identified through his colour changing outfits. Part of the challenge is in knowing the right mutation for a specific job. Summary : First person horror story, manga character art, 3D visuals and multiplayer. - Made by one guy in an Attic and his girlfriend, in their spare time. - This game was made for iPod touch many years ago, and brough to PC/Steam by popular demand, expect the game to be of mobile quality. Zotrix is an arcade space shooter inspired by early shooter games on arcade machines from 80's and early 90's. Designed for all generations it contains missions with nice and colorful enemies while focused on the arcade element of the gameplay. You dive into deep space escorting a cargo ship from your fleet. This is a work in progress title! Do not buy this game if you do not want to fund us! This game is an open world sandbox game. The evil Choazid Empire has launched a surprise attack on your homeworld, establishing a heavily fortified base from where their forward assault group burrows deep underground, capturing subterranean lifeforms and transforming them into vicious biomechs. With it being only a matter of time before the Choazids start converting your people, it's up to you to take the controls of one of the few remaining Tiamat dragonship prototypes: the X class fighter, a craft capable of immense firepower - provided you pick up enough upgrade caches during a mission where you must dodge and blast like there's no tomorrow. Featuring six levels of intense shooting action, Tiamat X is a rip-snortin tribute to the side-scrolling shooters of yesteryear, and would be right at home blazing away on the screen of a booming, beer-stained arcade cabinet. Life is full obstacles, overcome them! Turn a scripted steel-cage wrestling match into a real fight in this 250,000-word interactive novel! You've always dreamed of becoming pro wrestling's biggest star...but a wrestler's world is fraught with hardship and betrayal, in and out of the ring. Become a powerhouse, a technician, a high-flier, or focus on your promo skills. Step into a stunning make-believe world in the first 3D hidden object adventure! The king's daughter has turned into a man-eating monster, and either you find the cure, or it's off with your head! Put your keen powers of observation to work as you search 14 eye-popping locations for clues, perform tasks for a variety of comical characters, and solve over 100 cunning puzzles. Somewhere between rhythm game and musical instrument, inSynch is an arcade game at heart. Allowing the player to act while being acted upon: follow the score you compose, express intent making sense of the music born from your actions. You play as Maya Anderson, a certified hypnotherapist who uses a special technique to enter her clients inner worlds. One day she gets an offer to question patients of the mental facility where head doctor has mysteriously disappeared. While exploring patients' subconsciousnesses she unveils their personal fears and fights phobias all to find her own self and uncover much bigger, all-embracing problem. Get ready for ridiculous fun in this multiplayer free-roaming stunting game. Drive a bus, tank or  monster truck, speed across huge open worlds and participate in random events. Stunt across outrageous maps packed with plenty of bizarre terrain for an intense experience. Bob Was Hungry  is a challenging precision platformer with many levels designed to truly test your platforming skills. Bobs have been scouring the universe for food for millions of years. For the most part, food had been plentiful and easy to acquire...planets made entirely of cheese were abundant, and finding one could leave a bob full for a lifetime. Do you love games that provide true mental challenge? Rainbow Hero is a clever 2D puzzle game where levels may seem impossible at first glance but ingeniously simple when you've figured it out. The rules are simple yet each challenge will require thoughtful solutions. 